 Today my three year-old niece wanted to play "Hide and Go and Seek" as she calls it, and every time I went to go look for her and took too long she would come running out of her hiding spot saying she was "Right here, silly."     ' 
 Last month I got in a wreck where I wasn't at fault but the insurance put me at fault. I got several threatening text messages from the woman who hit me trying to make me accept fault. I found out that her new car got smashed to shit yesterday. I'm a suspect.  .      " 
 Today, I shaved my legs to the Armageddon film score. It was epic.       ' 
 for christmas i got these awesome shoes, but when i tried them on, they didn't fit because my feet are wide. so i went to the store and tried on the next biggest size and my feet looked giant, so a few weeks later i just got a different style.     " 
 Today I ran into my friend and got a black eye  .     ' 
 today i witnessed my dad feeding my dog with a fork. his response? "she\'s sophisticated. my life is average     ' 
 Today, (actually a while ago) my boyfriend aquired an old microwave. It's so old that we convinced his roommate that you had to release the steam valve on it after use. We are all 18-20 years old, and the roommate thought we were totally serious.       " 
 Today, while making my bed I found an orange M&M and despite not knowing its origins or how long it'd been there, I ate it.  .      " 
 Today, my grandpa had a heart attack and died for 30 seconds before the docotrs saved him. When he was able to talk, he looked at my grandma and said, "Honey, sign me up for volunteering somewhere...there\'s NO WAY I\'m going back to that place!" and shuddered. Oh, Gramps, I\'m glad your going to redeem yourself.       ' 
 Today me and my sister went to Olive Garden we asked them "Can you direct us to your garden of olives?" The look they gave us was priceless.       ' 
 Yesterday, my friend and I went to the movies together. Half way through, she handed me a fruit cup and two spoon that she got out of her bag. I asked her why. Her response? "Why Not." I love her.  .      ' 
 Today my dad asked me if i wanted to go to the bar next sunday for my 18th birthday. I dont know whats weirder, that hes letting me go to the bar or that im only turning 17.       ' 
 Today, I noticed that the stories here were getting more average. This made me happy. Then I made a sandwich.  .     ' 
 Today, I saw a very large man driving a very small car. Behind him was a very large truck being driven by a very small man.       ' 
 Today at Goodwill, I sat on a couch waiting while my Aunt was shopping. A cute guy came over and said, "Since you\'re sitting there, I\'ll have to put a price tag on you." I said "Go ahead" But he only smiled and walked away.  .     ' 
 Today I was walking and I saw a twenty dollar bill on the ground with a string on it. I picked it up and the string broke and then I heard someone from behind a building say "ahhh fidle sticks." That made my day. OLIA      ' 
 Today, while at a stop light, my sisters and i were watching a man in a wheel chair get himself in a car, then start taking  apart his wheel chair, and put it in his car. He were all so impressed with this man. A white Suburban parked himself directly in our view of the man finishing up. My sisters and I started screaming at this car to move, all in unison.        ' 
 I missed the first day of school to be on Family Feud. My family won $20,000.       ' 
 Today I was searching stuff on google. I typed in "why do asians speak" and the first thing that came up was "why do asians speak the ching chong language". Oh Google, I never thought you\'d be racist.  .     ' 
 Many other kids at my school are spending their summer partying, going out with friends, and possibly drinking or doing drugs. I have done nothing but write in my room and watch animated movies on Netflix.  .     ' 
 Today a student was expelled from school because he had been pretending to not speak English for the last 8 months. This means he never did any assignments or tests and was barely participating in his subjects. Anyway, our school had to come together for a special assembly last week and the teacher presenting made a Doctor Who reference and said "We bid farewell to the 11th doctor, David Tennant." and this \'foreign\' kid stood up and pulled out a sonic screwdriver and said "IT WAS MATT SMITH." and the teacher just stood there open mouthed and some little kid at the front was like "who is that?" and the boy said, in plain English, "I\'m the Doctor." and made the Tardis noise as he ran out of the auditorium. Just as I made a friend he got expelled from school.  .     ' 
 At the end of every school year, the Upper Sixth (18 year olds) have a 'muck up day' where they dress up and mess around a bit. One guy climbed 6 flights of stairs in actual metal armour carrying a flag, walked into our class and yelled, 'This room is mine!' Our teacher was laughing so hard she had to sit down. \r For the pranks, they got about 50 alarm clocks, set them to random times and hid them all alround the school. There was mass chaos. \r On the mirror in the girls' bathroom, someone wrote 'The Chamber of Secrets has been opened' in red lipstick on the mirror. I love my school.       " 
 Today in P.E. we had to run the 50m dash. When the coach blew the whistle, I yelled FOR NARNIA and ran off. It gave me a magical feeling and I finished first.  .     ' 
 A few months back, I was at an all day rock concert. Somehow in the crowd, I lost my pants. I continued enjoying the show, and found my pants afterwards. Not only was my wallet still there, but there was an extra 200 dollars in the front pocket. Not sure how or why...     ' 
 Today I was playing a random game online. One of the character told me that working at the post office would be the best job ever. Why? Because you can sit and play with bubble wrap all day.  .     ' 
 Today I was grocery shopping at Wal-Mart with my parents and little sister. We noticed that someone had apparently put a stuffed dolphin on the shelf where the roasted turkeys were. My sister, knowing that it didn't belong there, asked if we could have roast dolphin for dinner, to which my dad jokingly said yes. Then he actually bought the dolphin and put it on a plate for her at dinnertime, and my sister pretended to eat it.       " 
 Today, an unknown person texted me. We had a four hour conversation about the evolution of waffles.       ' 
 Today, I asked my mom to make me lunch. She later came down with a tray of dinosaur chicken nuggets, smiley fries, and a bug juice. I'm 18 years old and just graduated high school. Best mom ever? I think yes.       " 
 Today, I was going on my new iPhone, and I tried to type in school, but it auto-corrected to Hogwarts. I think I'm going to like my new phone :)       " 
 Today, there was a homeless man with a sign that read "Ninjas stole family, need money for karate lessons". Best 5 bucks I\'ve ever given.  .     ' 
 Today, I watched the Titanic with my boyfriend because he\'d never seen it before. At the part where Jack died, he bawled like a baby, and didn\'t stop for the rest of the movie. When it ended, he howled "I curse this movie for stealing my tears!" And ran into a closet. It took me a half an hour to get him to come outside. I think I love him even more than I did before. HLIA     ' 
 Today, me and my friend had a 1 hour 40 minute long conversation debating how people can talk for so long without running out of topics. I think we found out answer.  .      ' 
 Today, during a Free period, my friends and I decided to use an empty classroom because no one would distract us. We found out that it was fitted with a projector, so we hooked up my friends laptop and watched Star Trek on the whiteboard instead.     ' 
 A few days ago, I watched the new Star Trek: Into Darkness (awesome movie by the way you should go see it if you haven't yet).  I spent half the movie trying to figure out the name of Scotty's little alien sidekick.  When I got home, I watched the movie before it to listen for the little sidekick's name.  I couldn't find it.        " 
 Yesterday, I went to a protest. Someone gave me a sign to wave.  .     ' 
 Today, a new hero entered into our lives. That person is James_Miller. Let's make this site truly average again for the hero of  , the man they call James.      " 
 I like to play rock, paper, scissors with other people in the cars next to me whenever I'm at a red light or in traffic. Today I played with a grandma who beat me 4 rounds in a row.        " 
 Today, I was walking down the street and saw a toddler and his mother. Stumbling around, he let out a dinosaur-style roar. As I went past him, I made a roar of my own. The kid then proceeded to look at me like I was insane.       ' 
 Today, I went to traffic court. I pleaded no contest and got the fines reduced.       ' 
 Today, while babysitting my 3 year old sister, I told her to behave or I\'d spank her. She looked right at me and said "Bring it."  .     ' 
 HEY KID! IMMA COMPUTAH! STOP ALL THE DOWNLOADIN'!     " 
 Today, I realized that   is no longer the fun amazing place that it was when it first started. I am sorry to say but I think it is time for this  \'er to leave and live the most "average" life ever.  \r ' 
 Today, I read a story about how when someone was younger, they didn't fall asleep in a car in case someone thought they were dead. When I sleep, I get really pale and look like I'm dead. Guess what I do every single time I'm in a car? Yep. People have called the cops. Twice.       " 
 Today, I was listening to the radio while driving. When the song "Here Comes the Sun" came on, it started to rain.       ' 
 Today, I took out my headphones and shoved them into my pocket without untangling them like I ususally do, and when I took them out a couple minutes ago, they were completely untangled. Confused? Me too.       ' 
 A student gave my teacher attitude today.\r Student: *rolls eyes*\r Teacher: Yeah you keep rolling your eyes, maybe you'll find a brain back there.     " 
 Today, I had my first date with my boyfriend, we went to go see The Croods, instead of watching the movie, we talked about him illegally buying me a sloth.       ' 
 Today, I realized that none of these posts happened today. This, if it ever gets posted, also didn't happen today.  .     " 
 Today I accidentally dropped my AP chemistry book and it fell open to the last page of it. On that last page it said "Property of the Half-Blood Prince." best book ever.       ' 
 Today, I was about to skype with my boyfriend.  I got ready, fixing make-up and everything after a long day of classes, and then I put on perfume for him.  I still don't know what I was thinking.       " 
 Female cab drivers.     ' 
 Today, during a soccer game, the opposing team had an almost goal when a player dinked the ball off his head instead of heading it.  Immediately afterwards he said, "Sh*t- that was NOT a good head!"  His coach furiously yelled at him, "Derek you never give good head!"  My entire team, our parents, and the refs could not stop laughing.        ' 
 My summer break started this week. I'm pretty sure I passed all my classes, but I'm a little bit nervous about my grades.  .     " 
 A while back in my Environmental Science class we were talking about hurricanes. My teacher asked this really sIutty girl what some of the effects of hurricanes are, and she replied, "Well everything gets all wet and dirty." Suddenly the quietest guy in class looks up and goes, "Megan, no one asked about your weekend." Never have I laughed so hard in my life.        ' 
 My brother: Do you hate dogs? Me: *rolls eyes* yes. My brother: Do you hate me? Me: Sure. My brother: Do you think I'm part wolf? -- .      " 
 Today, I was planning a date with a guy. We might go out tonight, but we're both kind of busy, so we might go out tomorrow instead.  .     " 
 Today, I realized that I enjoy driving at night when it is snowing because it feels like I am traveling at warp speed.       ' 
 Today while I was enjoying my waffle cone at an ice cream shop, two workers behind the counter put on fake mustaches and began speaking fake italian to each other. If they had done that prior to my order, they would have gotten a larger tip.  .      ' 
 Thanks for all the support over the last five years. This is  's final post. The site will close on 5/15/13.     " 
 Buy Delicious Mountain Dew\u2122!     ' 
 Today, my Creative Writing teacher told us he calls the the old Creative Writing teacher "Lord Spicermort", and banned us from ever saying his name in class. He is now dubbed "the teacher who shall not be named."        ' 
 Please stop supporting rape culture.     ' 
 Today, I realized that on 11/22/33, I will turn 44.        ' 
 Today, I went to Buffalo Wild Wings with some friends. We walked over to the jukebox and proceeded to put on "The Safety Dance" by Men Without Hats. As the song came on, while we were dancing, an employee comes up to us in a serious tone and asks who put the song on. My friend steps in front and says that he did it. The employee immeadeatly holds up his hand and gives my friend a Hi-5. New favorite resteraunt? I think so.       ' 
 Today I decided that I want to get married on March 14th.  That way, I can celebrate my anniversary by eating pie.   .     ' 
 A couple of days ago, I read a   about someone naming their iPod "This Ship" and when it syncs it says "This Ship" is syncing. Today, I decided to try the same thing and title my iPhone "The Titanic". There was a problem and it said "An error has occurred with synching \'The Titanic\'". I felt like I just changed history.  .      ' 
 Today, I drove my best friend home from school. When we got to a red light, we started having a dance party. After a minute, a car pulled up in the lane next to us and the man driving joined in with us. Easily made my day.  .     ' 
 Today as I was walking into the grocery store, I witnessed an elderly man coming out. Normally I wouldn't have stopped to watch but, with a cart full of foodstuffs, he proceeded to RIDE the cart to his car, like a skateboard. HisLIA\r \r      " 
 Today, my teacher informed our class that in Star Wars, Darth Vader does not say, "Luke, I am your father." He is actually saying, "No, I am your father." My entire life is a lie.  .      ' 
 Today March 14 is National Pi day (3.14).  In order to celebrate my math class ate different kinds of pie and the room was decorated with pi Christmas tree lights, but that's not the best part. My teacher came in wearing a hat and a pi medallion and proceeded to perform a full length rap about pi. At the end he did a break dancing move then he got up and started teaching like nothing happened. For the first time  .     " 
 Today, in technology class my teacher asked if anyone actually read the iTunes agreement. The kid next to me said "That\'s where Waldo is." HLIA     ' 
 Today, I was reading a paragraph of my Julius Caesar assignment to my sister. The first time I say the word Caesar, my sister stands up as if it were her job and recited Gretchen Wiener's entire Caesar monologue from Mean Girls. I hugged her.       " 
 Today, i decided to try the Yahoo! vs. Google challenge. I typed "I hate it when you" and Google gave me: I hate it when you walk outside and someone throws a cow at you... Yahoo! gave me: I hate it when you leave... Google wins. Hands down.       ' 
 Today during swim practice, we were swimming backstroke. The girl in the lane next to me was going the opposite way. We unintentionally high fived underwater.       ' 
 Last night, I woke up to my little brother lying on top of me. I asked him why he was sleeping on me. He told me I was on top of one of his Pokemon cards, and while trying to get it back, he got tired.       ' 
 Yesterday, I wanted to see how many people I could get to high five me in one school day.  I kept track on my hand by making tally marks with a green pen.  I managed to high five 100 people in one day.  I've never felt more accomplished.       " 
 Today, I was walking around a huge furniture store with my mother and I was whistling the Harry potter theme song. My mother asked me a question so I stopped mid-song, and across the store I heard someone finish whistling the tune. It got silent and a salesman yells "that was AWESOME!" And the person who finished it yell "mental high-five!" And I yelled "mental high-five!" back. OLAA     ' 
 The other day, I was in class and went up to my teachers desk to ask him a question. He was currently talking with another teacher. The teacher he was talking to (Mr. Steiner) suddenly stopped talking and turned to me saying, "Hey, I haven\'t gotten my fist bump in like a week now!" I slowly complied and fist bumped him. (we usually fist bump nearly every day even though he\'s not one of my teachers) So just when I was about to ask my teacher my question, he said, "But I don\'t get one??" I sighed and fist bumped him but then Mr. Steiner bragged, "She\'s not even in any of my classes but she fist bumps me all the time." and smirked at my teacher. As they started to argue about me fist-bumping only the "awesome" teachers, I just slowly backed away and went back to my seat, acting like nothing happened. I never did get the answer to my question.       ' 
 Today, on the school bus, I heard the two girls sitting behind me talking trash. I heard on say "I think that guy in front of us (actually, she called me by name) hides dead bodies in his closet." A tad offended, I turned around and looked her in the eye and said "No, that is what basements are for." then looked at the other one and licked my lips. I have never seen someone vacate a seat so quickly.       ' 
 Today, I was walking down the hall and I was held up by someone who was walking on a beat, almost dancing. It was my principal. When I walked up next to him I realized he was singing, "It\'s Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas". It\'s February 21st.       ' 
 so today when my bus was leaving school and was waiting to get onto the road, we all see these two teenagers (my school is K-12) rummaging in their cars trunk. Then one of them finally pulled out a rubber unicorn mask, put it on, and started waving at us before we left.   and TheirLIA     ' 
 I read online that to test a dog's intelligence you have to cover it with a blanket and see how long it takes for them to get it off.  I thought I'd test it with my dog.  She sat there for 10 seconds before laying down and going to sleep.       " 
 Today, I was getting off the elevator in my friend's dorm. A kid ran into the elevator as soon as I was off and closed the door. As the door was closing his phone went off, his ringtone was the James Bond theme. I'm curious as to what is going on in that building.       " 
 Today, the door from my math class to social studies was jammed. Finally, some kid broke through it, but also fell hard to the ground. He got up all nonchalant and just said, "Howdy" and walked back into his room. New best friend? Just maybe...      ' 
 Last week, my school bus was rear-ended at a red light by a car. It barely hit us, but my bus driver asked, "Is anyone injured?" and then this kid I totally hate replied, "I think I have some brain damage!" My bus driver then went on to say, "Anything you weren\'t born with?" Nice one, Mrs. Kim!       ' 
 The other day, a few friends and I went to an arcade. I ended up playing House of the Dead 4, and halfway through, a guy who I\'ve never seen before walks up, puts in a quarter, grabs the gun, says "you cover the right side" and starts playing along with me. We finished the entire game, high-fived, and then went our separate ways. Thank you, mysterious zombie-slaying stranger.  .     ' 
     Today my gym class had to run a mile for our finals. Just as my coach, Coach Donaldson, blew his whistle I yelled "FOR NARNIA" as everyone began running. It gave me a magical feeling, and I ran faster than ever before.  I took 1st in my class.       ' 
 Today I was at a Starbucks, and I said my name was Lord Voldemort. When my drink was ready, the cashier didn\'t say \'He-who-must-not-be-named\', she just said Lord Voldemort. I was disappointed, until I heard another cashier say "you can\'t say his name!" Her response? "Fear of a name only increases fear of the thing itself". Needless to say, I was no longer disappointed.       ' 
 Today, my girlfriend is asleep while I am at my computer.  She has this habit of occasionally talking in her sleep.  A moment ago she exclaimed "Got it!" to which I reply "Yay!"  (I smirk thinking that maybe she caught the Snitch)  However, then she states "Now I\'m gonna pee on it!"  I\'m a bit confused now.        ' 
 Today, I went to the restroom at school to wash my hands and saw 3 girls in the same stall. All I hear was "Can I borrow your pants for history class?" "How are we going to do this?" Then all 3 of them walked out of the stall and left the restroom like nothing happened.       ' 
 Today at lunch, I started packing my stuff up without looking at the clock. One of my friends asked me what I was doing and I told him the bell was about to ring. He said what are you a wizard? Then the bell rang. I am expecting my letter any day now.  .     ' 
 While working at the rec today I was suprised by a very attractive girl who walked up to the counter and told me she saw me staring at her for the last hour and she would love to get coffee with me after I get off work. Turns out she just got out of her yoga class who's room has a big glass window and is across the hall from my station. Truthfully, I was not paying attention to the class at all, I've been browsing   for the last hour, and while sitting at the computer I face the yoga room. Thank you boredom!       " 
 Today, I was on dearblankpleaseblank when I saw this:\r Dear world,\r What is Chuck E. Cheese's middle name? \r Sincerely, I've been curious since I was five.\r I'm actually really curious now too.  .     " 
 Today, in one of my classes a fluorescent light malfunctioned and started flashing like a strobe light. Since we could not get anything else done because of the distracting light, we had a rave party for the remaining 25 minutes of class. My class is average and  .     ' 
 Today I was eating a pack of gummy worms and found a gummy bear.       ' 
 Yesterday, I called my dad to wish him Happy Father\'s Day. We talked for a bit, and when I had to head to work, he offered his normal goodbye, " May the force be with you, young padawan." My response? " And with you master." Before I hung up, I hear in the background my mother yelling at my dad saying, " She\'s never going to get married if you keep doing that! And I want grandchildren!"       ' 
 Today, I was at my friend's house and her sister asked me what I want to be when I grow up. I told her an engineer and asked her what she wanted to be. First she said a unicorn, and then she changed it to a Chinese person. She's eight. HLIA.      " 
 Today, while I was reading fun facts about my country, Canada, I read that this year we're making glow-in-the-dark dinosaur quarters in our mint. Never have I been a prouder Canadian!  .     " 
 My mom and sisters spent three days straight putting together a one thousand piece cupcake puzzle. When it was all said and done, one piece was missing. They left it on our kitchen table until, three days later, we had to put it away so we could eat dinner. After dinner I went to the fridge to grab a glass of orange juice. The puzzle piece was hidden under the orange juice in my refrigerator. You win this round oranges. OLAA     ' 
 Today, I was walking into school late so I was the only one in the hallway. Suddenly, I hear the Pirates of the Caribbean theme song coming from the band room. I walked to my class feeling like Captain Jack Sparrow.       ' 
 Today, after finishing a Spanish exam, one of my friends asked how much time we had left in the period.  I replied with, "Like one second," while actually having no idea.  Sure enough, the bell rang after I finished my sentence, and I got looks of awe from some other students.  I smiled in triumph.   .     ' 
 Today I was walking down the stairs at school while reading a book for class. I wasn't paying attention but made it down the stairs without falling. I felt so cool and my friends clapped for my awesome skills. Then I took one step forward and tripped over my feet and fell flap on my face.       " 
 So, i just read this: "Today I read this story:"I just read a   about abbreviating your name that way J.Lo does. Mine is S.miles. :)  " I did this and realized mine would be A.Bra" And managed to think of mine, then i realized it\'s D.Mon. Normal, right? Read it out loud. \r      ' 
 I went on firefox and my internet wouldnt connect,i got a message saying "Well this is embarrassing..". I felt sorry for firefox.       ' 
 Today I was at a lake and caught 3 fish. The only weird part was they were eating each other, the small minnow was getting chewed on by a blue gill, and a bass on the blue gill.        ' 
 Today I saw my brother using my deodorant. On his feet.  .     ' 
 Today i was hungry and wanted a snack so i rolled of the couch.. I ended up breaking my finger and going to the hospital. I never did get my snack.       ' 
 Today at my highschool, the marines were in the lunch periods recruiting. They had lanyards and t-shirts for anyone who could do 50 pushups in less that a minute. The basketball athletics director made his team go up and try, and a bunch of them couldn\'t do it. Then my friend Cara(5"3 and maybe 100lbs) went up to try. The Marine guy said that she only had to do 25, thinking she wouldn\'t be able to do 50. Cara got down on the floor, and in less than a minute had done 50 pushups. The Marine guy was going to give her a shirt, but none of them were small enough for her. She literally made my day doing that. HLIA     ' 
 Yesterday my high school accounting students decided I am their favorite teacher and from now on they are going to call me Mom. Today one of the boy\'s walked passed one of my other classes, stuck his head in, and shouted "Hey Mom!" and then went along his way... needless to say the rest of my students just stared at me with very confused looks on their faces.       ' 
 A couple of months ago, my grandma ended up in the hospital.  She\'s fine, but while she was there, she started having hallucinations.  One night, she started randomly saying, "hey, little girl.  Little girl!  You want some of my sherbert?"  The only people in the room were my uncles, who are both 30+ and in the military.  Made. My. Year.   .     ' 
 I\'ve recently recovered from a bad break-up and started seeing a new guy. When I told my overly-protective sister about the guy she said, "I just hope he doesn\'t turn out to be a trickster and illusionist." Immediately I started to laugh, and she asked me why. The guy I\'m dating is a magician. OLAA     ' 
 Last sunday my sister and I both got presents from our parents. We got two small hand-painted angels. But the best part was that they were wrapped in bubble-wrap. Needless to say we spent the next thirty minutes playing with that. Our parents agreed to give us both bubble-wrap for Christmas. We're 17 and 23. OurLAA     " 
 The other day I was in the kitchen when my dad said "guess what I got off the internet!", I guessed a foreign mail-order bride. He said "no, well not that you know of." He actually just got a recipe for butterscotch pudding.       ' 
 today, i read a post on   about the veggie tales website and how larry says "im not a pickle, im a cucumber" and "do you know where my hairbrush is?". i then went to the website and just left it there then came back to the website. apparently, he says "EVERYBODY has a water buffalo!" sadly, i dont have one. i feel really left out.        ' 
 Today is 10/10/10. I was born 10 years ago at 10:10 A.M.        ' 
 Today I played the ipod shuffle game. I asked what song best describes my grandparents. The song "Dinosaur" by Ke$ha came on.  .     ' 
 Recently, I met my cousin's friend. She's a real knockout and I wanted to impress her. How did I do it? I bragged about my collection of classic Disney movies and my awesome baking skills. She's coming over this weekend. I'm making the cookies, she's bringing lyrics to all the songs.     " 
 Today, my boyfriend\'s phone rang. The ring tone was "Telephone" by Beyonce and Lady Gaga.  .      ' 
 Today I decided to play a school-wide game of telephone. I started off saying "I like it when someone random makes my day". Near the end of the day it got back to me. They said "I like it when unicorns tickle me" How it got to that, I have no idea.       ' 
 A few days ago while I was waiting for my mom to pick me up from my summer volunteering job, I saw an ant on the ground acting rather strange. Then I noticed another ant underneath the strange acting ant. I feel like I have seen something which cannot be unseen.  .     ' 
 Today, I decided to look up my birthday. I shall no longer refer to my birthday as "the fourth of May" I will now call it "May the force be with you". Yeah that\'s right, my birthday is Star Wars Day. Be jealous.  .     ' 
 Today I got my friend to push me around Costco on one of those carts for pushing heavy/large items. I immediately got into the store and shouted "FOR NARNIA!" really loud. No staff did anything. One guy that worked there actually laughed and told me I was awesome.       ' 
 Today in class, i was playing angry birds on my phone. My teacher came up from behind me, and Instead of putting my phone away, i said, "ugghh i cant get past this level." my teacher asked to see my phone, and he walked me through what to do. I got it on the first try.         ' 
 Today I found a mysterious bottle on a deserted beach.  There was no note in it.   .     ' 
 My sister was telling me that since I'm the seventh child, I'm 'perfection' since seven is the perfect number. My first reaction: I'm a wizard! We high fived.       " 
 today i saw a lady with a squirrell on a leash.......      ' 
 Yesterday I got to sing in Disney\'s Candlelight Procession at Epcot. The alto section of my choir was just standing backstage and reciting as many Disney facts as we could, when a cast member walked up to us. He introduced himself as Max, and we started talking. After about 5 minutes he asked us to do him a favor, he wanted us to walk up to the production manager and use our finger as a mustache. It\'s the Disney Mustache salute. And yes, we were the group of 8 kids running around the park after the show screaming "Mustache salute!" Our lives are average and Max\'sLIA     ' 
 Today I had a very tough workout. When I told my friends my legs felt like jelly, the first thing I was asked was "grape or strawberry?" I knew I was friends with them for a reason. :)       ' 
 Today, my teacher\'s cell phone went off in class. My teacher\'s ringtone? "Girl\'s Just Wanna Have Fun" by Cindy Lauper. My teacher is a 36-year old guy. HisLIA     ' 
 Today I realized that most teenage girls text their friends about guys and what they want to do for the weekend. I was looking through my texts and saw that my friend and I were quoting the entire opening sence of "Lilo and Stitch." OLAA     ' 
 Today, while saying goodbye to my elementary students on the way to the bus, one of my little boys gave me a big hug and informed me that if there was a zombie apocalypse, I would be the last woman standing.  That little boy is going to pass my class with flying colors.  .     ' 
 Today, I was walking down the hallway of my school when I passed two of my favorite teachers having a lightsaber duel. Then the principal came out and cheered with the students. I have never been so proud of my school in my life.       ' 
 Today my boyfriend did laundry and he accidentally put an entire box of dryer sheets in the dryer.  Now all my towels and sheets feel like they are made out of kittens.       ' 
 Today, I was hanging up our christmas wreath in our apartment and couldn't find the hammer. So I got a pot out of the kitchen and used that to hammer the nail in. My Life is Average.     " 
 Today, I hosted the first Quidditch club meeting at my school. 36 people showed up.       ' 
 Today at work a boy who was about 1 1/2 years old kept staring at me so every time I walked by I would wave, smile, and say "hello". Eventually, I went over and talked to him as he was sitting in his highchair eating breakfast with his mom. We concluded that he would take me out on a date later that night. But then I had to go on my lunch break and told him I had to leave but I would see im the next couple of days (I work at a restaurant in a resort) and he reached out for me with both arms with a sad face. When I got back from my lunch break, my co-worker told me that he kept looking for me when I left and then cried when he realized I wasn\'t coming back. I was the first girl to break this boy\'s heart.  .     ' 
 I was dismissed from homeroom to go to my first class of the day.  As I walk through the courtyard with 2 of my friends, a group of 4 seniors wearing teletubbie costumes come running out screaming.  They kept the costumes on all day long going from class to class.  Day=Made.   and TLAA     ' 
 Today I read somewhere that a man has convinced his wife to play the sound that happens when mario goes down a tube at his funeral while there putting him in the ground. I found I got kinda unhappy that he thought of that first       ' 
 Today I read this post, "Today, I went to Taco Bell. They were out of taco shells.  " I went to Chick-Fil-A and they were out of chicken.         ' 
 Today, I was letting a five year old play with my phone. What app did she press first? My lightsaber app. I have newfound hope in this generation.       ' 
 Last night, my nephew said he wanted to bring a birthday treat to his class today. His parents told him there wasn't enough time to do anything like that, there wasn't time to go to the store and it was too late to make anything. I personally stayed up until three AM just to make sure he got brownies to bring to school. The look on his face was worth a night's insomnia.       " 
 The other day, me and my friend needed glitter for our english project, so another teacher was kind enough to let us borrow some. When I went to return it to her, I accidentally got some on her hands. She looked at me horrified and said, "OH NO YOU GOT SOME ON ME! Do you realize what you\'ve done!? Glitter is the Herpes of art supplies. This is NEVER going away. Thanks. Thanks a lot." Best teacher ever.  .     ' 
 Today I found an orange sitting outside my dorm window. I opened the window and reached for orange, but when I grabbed it, I realized it was actually the skin of an orange cut spirally and replaced to look like a whole orange. Inside it was a note that stated: "We have taken your orange hostage. Follow the instructions on the next letter if you ever want to see each other again. You cannot trace. You cannot find us. Sincerely, T____. P.S. Don\'t call the cops or the clementines get eaten, and we\'ll make the orange watch." I can\'t wait for the next letter!       ' 
 Today, my friend\'s mom was dropping me off at home. On the way there I kept thinking to myself "Man, I should really start writing a journal." When we got to my house my friend\'s mom turned to me and pointed at something I hadn\'t noticed, in the seat next to me, and said "Do you want that?" It turned out to be an unused journal. I accepted the journal and when I went in my house I saw the title of the journal. "Unexpected Miracles".  .     ' 
 Today, my school had a Quidditch tournament. The entire school dressed in Hogwarts house colors, and the track captain had the role of the snitch. It was entirely worth missing part of school.       ' 
 Today, my mom, brother, and I were shopping at American Sales. We were standing in the pool aisle looking at rafts to buy my dad for Father's day when out of no where a little boy (probably about 4 years old) crawls through the bottom shelf into our aisle. He then stood up, roared at us like a dinosaur, and walked away. I gave him a high-five.  .     " 
 Today, there was a football game at my school. Everyone in the stands was wearing green and gold (our school colors) and chanting. I look over and see someone in a read and white stripes sweater, a red hat, red pants, hipster glasses and a cane. I was about to scream out that i found him, when I look again and he was gone. I didn't see him once after that. Well played Waldo.. Well Played.       " 
 Today, I was listening to some music while I was folding laundry. I had a sock in my hand that I couldn\'t find the match to when the song "Under the Bridge" by the Red Hot Chili Peppers came on. One of the lines of the song: "Sometimes I feel like I don\'t have a partner." I am fully convinced that the sock was trying to communicate with me.       ' 
 Today I couldn\'t fall asleep, so I looked up "how to fall asleep" on wikihow. One of the requirements was a stuffed animal. It wasn\'t optional. I agreed.       ' 
 Today, i was sending a picture message on my phone. I realized that whereas a normal message only will contain 60 characters, a picture message will contain 1000. i suppose a picture is actually worth a thousand words.       ' 
 I was brushing my teeth while watching a movie on TV and was very puzzled by the earthquake happening in the movie, which despite being a pretty intense-looking earthquake, none of the actors seemed to notice.\r Then my electric toothbrush's 2-minute timer went off. Turns out the electric toothbrush was making my eyes, and hence my vision, vibrate.       " 
 Today, my brother and I had chinese. When we opened our fourtune cookies they both said, "You will have something in common with someone close to you." OLAA     ' 
 Today my friend told me that one of my current very attractive guy friends had a huge crush on me in high school. I got really flattered and started picturing our lives together. I had just reached the decision that one of our dogs would be named Gizmo when I realized he couldn't have liked me in high school. We didn't meet until college. I continued planning our lives together anyway.       " 
 It was late at night and my mom was in her room, I needed to ask her something so i was standing in her doorway, when all of a sudden i saw my older brothers reflection in the window, he was about to try to scare me, so I whipped around and shouted "RAWR!!!!" and he screamed extremely loudly (like a girl) and wet himself, I\'m 16 and he\'s 18, I have never been more embarassed to be related to him...       ' 
 This morning, I read this: "Today, I was playing on my iPhone whilst eating grapes. I now know that you can use grapes to work the touch screen. Time well spent.  ." I decided to try it, but unfortunately, we just ran out of grapes. I used the closest substitute we had, which was blueberries. Turns out that works well too!  .      ' 
 Today, Our college had a ceremony in which all the faculty had to dress in their black graduation robes. They were walking to the ceremony in rows of two. their path just happened to completely block the only way out of the building I was leaving. The person in front of me muttered under his breath "I feel like i\'m at Hogwarts" then pointed at a row of faculty and said a Harry Potter spell (I was too shocked to remember which one). The professors smiled and stopped long enough to let us through then continued to walk to the ceremony. MLI way above A.     ' 
 Today, my mother brought home a $600 kitten. After hours and hours attempting to decide upon a name, my sister asked what I had been doing for the last 4 hours. I went to the cinema to see the latest Transformer's movie. A tiny, fluffy, pure white, blue-eyed kitten is now called Megatron. FTW!  .     " 
 Today, when I was at the movies they were having technical difficulties & the movie wouldn't start. The screen was black for about five minutes. During those five minutes the whole theater broke out into Jingle Bells.        " 
 Today when I was doing my homework I went to look for a pen. I don't know why i looked in the fridge first..       " 
 Today my friends and I were chillin\' at the local mall (which happens to be mostly closed down). There was a broken carousel in the middle of the mall, so my friends and I decided to jump on the animals and push the carousel around, until the security guards chased us out. One friend and I yelled "FOR NARNIA!!!!" and ran inside the maintenance door for the carousel, then ran out screaming "THAT\'S NOT NARNIA AT ALL!!!!" The security guards just laughed at us and told us to try and control ourselves. We are all either juniors or seniors in high school.       ' 
 Today, while playing Pokemon on my DSi between classes, some guy ran up to me, pulled out a DS and screamed, "It\'s time to battle!!!"  We had an epic match in the middle of the student union with about 20 people cheering us on.  Best. School. Ever.       ' 
 Today while sitting in my US History class, my teachers suddenly announced rather mysteriously to the class that they were "going to be out for two minutes" and that we needed to stay seated. Not a minute later did they emerge back into the classroom wearing giant wigs and full on hazmat suits. They proceeded to explain that there were buckets of "contaminated popcorn" outside the school and it was our mission to figure out how to decontaminate them without harming ourselves. We spent the rest of the period working out various ways to remove the popcorn from the vicinity of the school. Needless to say, I\'m incredibly excited to see what will happen next in this class.       ' 
 Today, a wand chose me at Barnes and Nobles. After I bought it, I decided I\'d try it out. I yelled, "Alohomora!" and the door opened! Only after I walked through the door did I realize that it was an automatic door.       ' 
 The other day I was at my Great-Grandmothers nursing home for lunch. After lunch the nurse brought out a bowl of ice cream for my great grandmother and a couple of frozen skittles in ice cream for me. After proceeding to eat the skittles I noticed that the skittles were unusually hard, then proceeding to tell my Great-Grandmother that they were REALLY hard, she says out loud, "Thats what she said". I am 15 and my Great-Grandmother is 100 years old.       ' 
 Today I was at a job interview and they asked me what my weakness was. I thought about it and after a minute replied: "Kryptonite."\r I start Monday.  .     ' 
 Today, I was looking up dumb laws. Apparently it is illegal to push a living moose out of a moving airplane. Darn, there go my plans for next Wednesday.       ' 
 Yesterday, my boyfriend and I were walking around on Arabia Mountain, when we came across the word YOLO spelled in rocks. Deciding that was pretty lame, we changed it to YODA.       ' 
 Today, my brother left for college. His final request was that I put a pirate hat and an eyepatch on our dog and send a picture of it to him. I did it.  .     ' 
 Today while writing invitations to my parents 25th anniversary/renew of vows I realized that my moms maiden name's initials are MOM and my Dad's initials are DAD...I guess they were destined to be together. So here's to you MOM and DAD.       " 
 Today, I saw something on the internet that said when penguins mate, they stay with the same mate forever. I texted my boyfriend asking him to be my penguin. Later that night for our date, he brought me a pebble since penguins bring pebbles to their mates. I knew I loved him for a reason.       ' 
 Today, I went out and got down and dirty with my hoe. All the garden work is finally done.        ' 
 Today while I was doing laundry, I noticed something on the detergent label I'd never seen before.  I'm glad to know my soap is now Chuck Norris approved.  I'm expecting dramatic results in my war against stains.   .     " 
 A couple years back in high school (I\'m graduated now), I wore my Perry the Platypus face shirt. My english class was down the hall from the mental ed classes, so I always walked by those students. One day one of them came out and yelled "CURSE YOU PERRY THE PLATYPUS!!!!" Since I can do Perry\'s growl, I growled at him and his face just lit up. Feels great to brighten someone\'s day like that.       ' 
 I've decided that when I grow up I'm going to get a punchbuggy, paint red and white stripes all over it, put 'WALDO' on the license plate and see's who finds it first. New life goal, right there.      " 
 Today, while at the bookstore, a little boy about 6 walked in with his father. He immediately asked where he could find the Harry Potter books. I proudly showed him, and we talked about how awesome HP is. I told his dad he was raising his boy right.  .      ' 
 Today, I was going to the gym, and on the way I saw these two kids running home from the neighborhood pool, they both had their towel over their heads and they were running while making super hero sounds. I have faith in future generations.       ' 
 The other day in the hallway, I smacked my friend's butt, only to find it wasn't my friend.       " 
 Today, I bought a new pair of Converse shoes that are like Crayola crayons: they have the name of the shoe color on the side and the back has a swirly line like the crayon wrappers. Best part? It came with three crayons and a Crayola Converse coloring book. Best shoes ever? I think yes.       ' 
 While visiting a friend during my christmas break from college, I was reading   on her computer. She had never heard of   before and thought it was the best thing since harry potter. The next day, she was reading   in her class (her break had not started yet) instead of doing the work. When the teacher noticed, he read the page and decided that whatever he was teaching was not as worthy, and the entire class spent the rest of the period reading   on the projector.   is now spreading around the town. I have converted Dover, Pennsylvania.       ' 
 Today, while shopping at the produce section in Kroger, the shower for the vegetables turned on. The coolest part was that before it turned on there was a thunder roar and also cool lighting effects that make it look like there's lightning. Never have I been so amazed.  .      " 
 Today I was playing the iPod shuffle game. I asked it "How I will die?" It started playing \'Running From Lions\' by All Time Low. I\'m kind of scared, but I also feel as if that would be a pretty cool way to die.       ' 
 Today, I went to my friend's house because my older sister was moving the college. When I came back I looked around her room for things she left. On the top of her bookshelf I found a Ouran Shield from Zelda made out of cardboard and colorful duct tape. I love my sister.       " 
 Later this year I am graduating, and rather than go out drinking and partying with other people my age, I'm choosing to play hide and seek with my friends in IKEA, then we are dressing up as Narnia characters and hiding in random cupboards throughout the store. And have a Harry Potter movie marathon. These are just some of the things I'm going to do with my average friends.       " 
 Today (well, yesterday), I fell and hit my forehead on a metal bench at the park. I got a scar right beneath my jet black hair. People have been calling me Harry Potter all day. I regret nothing.        ' 
 Today, I was eating peach cobbler at home and wanted some ice cream with it. I took one box out of the freezer, opened it and tried to scoop out some ice cream. It was frozen, so I threw it away. It wasnt before I took out the second box of ice cream I realized what I\xb4d just done.       ' 
 Today, my brother told me to tell my cat that he is an awful comedian and won't ever make it in the big time. Going along with it, I picked up my cat and told him that. What happens next? He runs away and won't let me pet him anymore. Confused? Yes. Yes I am.       " 
 Today, when my mom got mad at my brother, she yelled Benjamin John! (his first name and middle name). To this he replied, "Who the heck is John???" For 12 years, my brother thought that his first name was Ben and his middle name was "jamin." HLIA     ' 
 Today I was babysitting my two younger sisters. They were watching an educational show on tv. The cartoon pig asked what letter came next in the sequence. My sister yelled \'J\'. I yelled from the kitchen, "You\'re a genius!"  She yelled back, "Nope, I\'ve seen this episode before." H(er)LIA     ' 
 Today, I was helping watch kids in my old school. They were third graders, and they were having a discussion on what they wanted to be when they grew up. When one little boy was asked he replied in all seriousness, "A moderator of submissions on my life is average." Well at least our generation has their priorities straight. HisLIA.      ' 
 Today, I went to meet my new teachers at school. When I went to meet my spanish teacher he was wearing blue striped pants, a checkered shirt, a bow tie, and was holding a pickle club. I think this will be a good year.        ' 
 Today my best friend came over and we had some time to kill before my dad got home, so we found 2 light sabers, 2 capes, and 2 masks, dressed up and then went to opposite ends of the house. When my dad got home we screamed. "FOR NARNIA!" and charged at each other and had a light saber battle in front of him. His response...."the internet is down isn\'t it." OLIA!!     ' 
 My 9th grade world geography teacher had a thing where if you fell asleep, zoned out, or weren't paying attention, he'd dip those hand clapper things in water and clap them at you. Naturally, as an end of the year gift, my entire class grouped up and gave him water guns and air canons. Good luck, incoming freshmen.  .     " 
 Whilst checking out at Forever 21, my very excited cashier-man person admired my purchase: "Wow these pearls are pretty. BUT- let me warn you about them: When you grow up and have kids, don\'t take your kids into an alley while wearing these pearls because you\'ll get mugged and shot and your son will become Batman."       ' 
 Today, I forgot my ipod when I went to the gym, so instead I put my own words to the soap opera on the tv for entertainment. I don't think I need music anymore.       " 
 Today, as I was driving home I caught a red light. I looked out my window and instantly saw a boy in a hotdog costume running down the sidewalk. Less than 5 seconds later, I see another boy chasing after him in a chicken suit. I learned when I got home that it was my best friend and his brother.       ' 
 I went onto Google and typed in "Google can" and it autocompleted with "Google can\'t find Chuck Norris." Then I typed in "Google will" and it autocompleted with "Google will not search for Chuck Norris."       ' 
 Today I realized when I work out I always play temple run while I ride the stationary bike because I run faster because I feel like I'm actually running from the monkey things.  .     " 
 Last night I had a dream that was narrated entirely by Morgan Freeman... in German... I don't speak German...       " 
 Since people area trying to say pika before they sneeze to make it sound like Pikachoo! I have a comment to make to those who sadly do not say it in time... After sneezing, if you don't say Pika then say bacca. :P     ACHEWBACCA!!! OURLIA     " 
 The other day I went to McDonald's for dinner. I was starving but only ordered a happy meal. It came with a green lightsaber that makes sound effects. I have no regrets.       " 
 Today I saw a kid, maybe 6 or 7, run up to a lady wearing a "Team Edward" shirt and shout "AVADA KEDAVRA!" I have hope for this young one.        ' 
 Today I was at the mall and saw a guy walking a balloon cat.       ' 
 Today, our English teacher made us watch a fan-made Wuthering Heights music video, with clips from the 1992 movie. About thirty seconds in, when Heathcliff first comes on the screen, a girl at the front of our class yells out, "OH MY GOSH IT\'S VOLDEMORT!!!!"  As if her life wasn\'t average enough, the girl next to her remarks, "I didn\'t recognize him with a nose..." TheirLAA     ' 
 Today, I saw a car who had been dented from a car accident.  However, had they not spent money to repair the car--they simply put gigantic band-aid stickers on top of it. Car, I officially claim you average.       ' 
 Today I read, "Today, I asked my iPod how I would die. I got "Baby, by Justin Bieber." I\'m never having kids.  ." My question is why on earth would an  -er have Justin Bieber on their iPod?       ' 
 Today, i was deleting a bunch of programs off of my computer to make it run faster. After I had finished, I realized I'd deleted my internet. In order to fix this problem, it told me i had to connect to the internet... I think computers are conspiring against me.       " 
 Today, I was at a 6 year olds b-day party, and they had a bouncy house. My 16 year old friend was the only one on it. I joined him.       ' 
 Yesterday my friends and I went to Magic Mountain for my birthday. We sang Disney songs on all the scariest rides and screamed our heads off on the little kid rides. Thank you guys for making my birthday awesome.       ' 
 today i read an   that said "Today I searched "narwhals are" into both Google and Yahoo. Yahoo autofinished with "narwhals are real" while Google autofinished with "narwhals are the jedi of the sea." I couldn\'t agree more, Google. G(oogle\'s)LIA" well the quote narwhals are the jedi of the sea is from the narwhal SONG on youtube which also refers to narwhals as the inventors of the shish kebob. Google, you are amazing.       ' 
 Today, my aunt and I walked into Panda Express. I then realized that we were tha only Asians in the entire restaurant.       ' 
 Today, I renamed my iPod to "The Black Pearl Again." Why? So that when it syncs, it says \'Syncing The Black Pearl Again.\' Something tells me that Captain Jack Sparrow will not be pleased.  .     ' 
 Today, I was reading the 334 ways to get kicked out of walmart -while sitting of the middle of walmart - on booksie.com, and I saw that 332 and 334 were the same. I started crying and screaming and pointing at the computer screen and they kicked me out. So that's the REAL 334th way.       " 
 Today, my family and I were at an outdoor concert and someone brought bubbles for the children to play with . My grandma and her friend had more fun with the bubbles than the 5 year olds. Their LAA     ' 
 Today, I read a fact on a random website that stumbleupon.com took me to, it was that "The State of Florida is bigger than England". Later that day, I drank a Snapple and the fact in the cap was "The State of Florida is bigger than England". Furthermore, I live in Florida and my best friend is currently on vacation in England. WEIRD.  .     ' 
 Today, me and my mom were walking out of McDonald\'s and this woman, holding her wrist, asked us to hold the door for her. We did, and she thanked us, saying, "I\'m on my way to the hospital, but I need a milkshake." Priorities.  .     ' 
 Today, my friend and I were on the bus. The bus driver then begins to speak through the intercom, and says, "Ladies and gentleman, thank you for using express airlines. Today\'s in-flight movie will be Scooby Doo, and flight attendants have complimentary snacks and drinks available to you. We will be arriving at our destination at approximately 5:03, weather permitting. Today\'s forecast is partly cloudy with a chance of rain. Again, thank you for flying with us, and come back to Express Flights- because we\'re totally rocking." \r  The entire bus broke out into applause. I yelled, "You\'re amazing, bro. I love you!"\r To which he said, a dead ringer for Elvis, "Thank you, thank you very much."\r Our Lives Our Average.       ' 
 Today on mysteryseeker, the mission it gave me was this "wear a wedding dress in public. If anyone asks if you\'re getting married, say"oh no. I just wear this to feel pretty" in an airy voice like luna lovegood." Its good to see that even mystery understands the importance of harry potter in this world.       ' 
 Today, I went on mysteryseeker.com, and asked what my true love's name is. It took me to Voldemort's wikipedia page. FML... or  ?     " 
 Today, I discovered the Turkish word for pepper.  I am never eating peppers again.  It is 'Biber,' pronounced the same as the surname of an infamous teenage pop 'star.'        " 
 Today at my 8 year-old sister's dance class a little girl came up to me and said that I was as pretty as a princess. It made my whole week.       " 
 So today, I had a chemistry exam. A group of my fellow students and I were studying on the second floor, when out of nowhere, a ball flies up from the first floor and hits someone. Turns out my chemistry teacher was starting a two-floor game of catch to ease our minds before the exam. Made my day :) MCCIA (My Chemistry Class is Average)      ' 
 Today I read DBPB and saw this "Dear giftcards, Why is the sticky stuff on the back of you more exciting than the actual giftcard? Sincerely, curious" Good question average person, good question.       ' 
 Today, I learned that when I was younger, I thought I would go to jail for kill the turtles on Super Mario.        ' 
 Today, I went to mysteryseeker.com. My mission? "Your mission is to copy and paste this into Mystery Google until you have a story worthy of  . Good luck"... So I put this into the mysteryseeker search box about 6 or 7 times. My result? "Copy and paste this until you see it again. Only the will the Cookie Queen be released from her vegetable prison." Go Cookie Queen! You\'re FREE!  .     ' 
 While at work, I went on mysteryseeker and it told me to dress up like a superhero and go around asking people, "how can I save you today?" I looked down at my work uniform and realized a security guard is close enough to a superhero... so the rest of my shift instead of asking people how I could help them, I asked "how can I save you today?" I got many laughs and one guy said I could do his laundry for him.       ' 
 Today I woke up and my first thought was "Sorry I couldn\'t get you a balloon, they only allowed 24 per family." I\'d really like to know what I was dreaming about.        ' 
 Today, I realized that every time I walk down stairs, I pretend I'm a princess.  EVERY TIME.   .     " 
 Today, I was helping my boyfriend's brother read lines for a play.  The scene was a man and his lover panicking because his lover's husband was about to come home. Then my boyfriend walked in - the look on his face was priceless.       " 
 The other day, I was in the hair salon with my sister. A young boy walked in with his mom holding a chocolate bar and said "you know, mom? Chocolate isn\'t candy." His mom replied "than what is it?" The young boy said "....chocolate!!!" Thank you little boy for making my day.  .      ' 
 Today, while performing in a talent show, I decided to sing a Japanese song. When I was finished, everyone applauded and my friend asked when I learned Japanese. I don't even know Japanese, I was just singing what the words sounded like.       " 
 Today, a year ago, I waved at a complete stranger for no particular reason in Copenhagen. We talked - a lot - and I learnt that he lives only 10 miles from me. We celebrate our 6 month anniversary in 3 days. OLAA.     ' 
 I work at a summer camp. Several weeksago we had our only group of high schoolers. On the first morning, one of my friends, a fellow counselor, pulls a hs boy up to me and demands the kid remove his hat. Once removed, I see that he has shaved his head, except for an arrow shaped strip, which he has dyed blue. I tried to call him Aang, but my co-worker just shook his head and whispered that he was hiding from the Fire Nation.       ' 
 Today I was installing the dearblankpleaseblank app onto my iPhone and this is what the descrition said: "It\'s like dearblankpleaseblank.com only really, really mini. We hired special miniature kittens to rewrite all of your submissions, and stuffed them into an app. If there are typos, blame it on the catnip and Louis\'s drunken tuna binges." I believe that they are each one of us. (The creators and te kittens) DBPB\'sLIA     ' 
 Today, I was asked out by my best friend's four year old cousin. Sadly, I had to dump him when I learned he did not like coloring.       " 
 Today, I was in a restaurant where two little boys were splashing in the fishtank on display. Their parents kept telling them to stop, but they weren\'t listen. An older man sitting at a table close to me noticed the parents looking rather frustrated and walked over to the little boys. He knelt down and said "I wouldn\'t put my hands in that tank if I were you. Those fish bite!" The smaller of the two boys looks at him and says "How would YOU know that?" The old man then proceeded to hold up his right hand, where the index finger was cut off halfway. Needless to say, the children left the fish alone.  .     ' 
 Today, I was in Current Issues and I was reading   instead of researching. My teacher was talking to another student about being distracted and said, "Look at her, she can just sit here and read, no problem..." They\'ll never know...  .     ' 
 Today, my brother (12 years old) was running around the house pretending to be a plane when he crashed landed onto the couch. He sat up and rubbed his head and mumbled, "Owwwww, imagination hurts!"       ' 
 Today, my boyfriend was across the street from me, so I began pulling him back with an "invisible rope". Some guy walking past stopped, looked at both of us, ducked under the rope and went on his way. OLAA     ' 
 Today, my mom bought me markers that let you color on food. I tried to color my waffle. Needless to say, my waffle is blue now.        ' 
 Today, I learned that my cat is terrified of finger-guns. Not the loud gun noises that I invariably make mind you, it's the literal gesturing of ones fingers into the shape of a gun.       " 
 Today, I was driving and started to sneeze quite a bit.  I guess it must have looked like I was headbanging because when I looked up the guy next to me did the rock on thing.   .     ' 
 Back when my dad was in his twenties, he and his coworkers had lots of fun whenever they pulled all-nighters. Regardless of their solemn buisness attire, they'd lay out a roll of bubble wrap and push each other down the hall in desk chairs. Who says that parents aren't cool?       " 
 While studying abroad in Great Britain, the megacentre of Alice in Wonderland, I have only seen brown rabbits. While in the flat kitchen yesterday, I saw a snow white rabbit outside our window. I screamed "Follow the white rabbit!" and ran out of my flat.  .     ' 
 On the last day of school, my geometry teacher asked me and my guy friend to push a black cart filled with books down to the supply room. When we got into the hallway, my friend, grabbed the cart and started sprinting down the hall, making race car noises and screaming, "TOKYO DRIFT! TOKYO DRIFT!" Average? It gets better. After depositing the books, we were walking back with the cart and I begged him to push me on it. So I hopped on, shrieking as he swerved it back and forth. We turned a corner. Guess who was there? The new principal. He grinned at us, nodded, and walked by. My school has some goooood management. OLAA.     ' 
 Your Mission: write a list of your true enemys and then put a banana peel on their porch. I will.       ' 
 A few days ago i took my replica of Hermione's wand to track practice. I was disappinted that nobody was reacting to my spells, until i Crucioed my friend. She dropped to the floor screaming, and squirmed as i pointed my wand at her. OLAA     " 
 Today I recieved a package in the mail. It was my graduation gift from my best friend. In it there was a pair of polka dotted socks, glow stick bracelets, chap stick, pink and yellow play doh, a Sesame Street coloring book, a dvd, sidewalk chalk, a purple scarf from London, and a note from her written on the back of a coupon. I think she is a keeper!       ' 
 My mom is a substitute teacher, and last Friday when she was teaching she accidentally farted during class...then a little wide-eyed boy looked up at her and said, "Girls do that too!!?"     ' 
 Today, I accidentally clicked on Google Finance. Not knowing what it was, I stayed a while. I learned that one of Google's stocks is worth about 572 american dollars and that one of Yahoo's stocks is only worth about 16 american dollars. You win again, Google.       " 
 Today, I learned how to knit so I could knit myself a Weasley Christmas sweater.       ' 
 Yesterday night my mom and I were "camping out" on our balcony because our apartment was too hot to sleep in. At one point in the night I got up to go to the bathroom. It wasn\'t long before I heard my mom calling my name. I asked her what she wanted. Her reply? "Oh, nothing. I didn\'t hear you leave and you weren\'t making any noise... I was just checking to make sure you weren\'t abducted by aliens". I love my mom.       ' 
 Today, I finally tried the google vs. yahoo war. I typed "Sometimes I". Google said "Sometimes I like to tape my thumbs to my hands and pretend im a dinosaur". Yahoo\'s answer? "Sometimes I cry". I think we all know who wins this war..       ' 
 Today I realized everytime I get into fight with my friends about who knows Rupert Grint I always win because I tell them I have the same birthday as him, August 24. I know sharing the same birthday is not relevant to knowing more about him, but I love the power.       ' 
 Today I got completely fed up with this guy in my class who always sags his pants. So I pantsed him. My physics teacher applauded and spent the rest of the class on how what I just did was the most basic example of "helping gravity out". I love my physics teacher.       ' 
 Today I read "Today I read a post that said: "Today I read this: """Today I read this: ""Today I read a post that said: "Today I went to a Chinese resturant and my little brother was acting bad. My mom told him that if he kept this up she would get the cops to arrest him, just then a cop walked in. It took us 20 minutes of us telling him the cop wasn\'t here for him, to make him stop crying. " I\'m that cop. I was wondering why that boy was crying.  "" I just think it\'s awesome that a cop reads  .. Don\'t you? HisLIA.""" Is it just me or do posts inside the posts remind you of Inception?  " i was sooo worried i was the only one... and does anyone else get confused?  "  I just wanted to keep the chain going.  MILA     ' 
 Today whilst I was at Hastings, I decided to buy a Batman wallet and a pair of Robin socks with capes on them. I walked up to the register to check out, and I handed my items to the cashier. He looked at me and said, "You have my respect," and gave me a Spock five. HisLifeisAverage     ' 
 Today (actually yesterday), I was at a restaurant, & spent 15 minutes correcting spelling & grammar mistakes on my menu.  My friends at the table applauded me.        ' 
 Today, while working a robotics summer camp for 12-15 year olds we were talking about the robots they would be working with all week. When a child in the back exclaims "will they have laser beams for eyes?!?!" When we informed him they didnt he got really sad. Later he asked what kind of engineer would be able to design that on a robot. We should all be afraid for when he goes to college. H(is)LIA      ' 
 Several years ago, my grandmother gave my sisters and I each a jumbo box of crayons. A few days ago, I decided to pull them out again to make a get-well-soon card for my friend. I wasn\'t sure which box was mine so I just grabbed one randomly. However, I found out it was mine that I picked a few minutes later. Why? Cuz on the back where it said "This box belongs too_______" I wrote "NONE OF YOUR BUSINESS" I was such a cool kid. MLWasAndIA     ' 
 Today, I was at Macy\'s and I stepped on someone\'s foot. I turned around and said, "oh, Im so sorry!!" Then I realized it was a mannequin.       ' 
 Today I was driving, alone, in the car when I heard a voice saying my name, "Sarah", over and over. I started freaking out and pulled over, thinking it was an epiphany from God. It took me a full minute to realize that the song "Sarah" was playing on the radio.       ' 
 Today, I went to a Fourth of July festival, and some people were doing face paint, so, naturally I got in line. When it was my turn to have my face painted, I asked the guy painting faces for a mustache. After having my face painted I ran around screaming about how fashionable I was. Five minutes later, I saw tons of kids with painted-on mustaches. I'm so proud that I started a trend.       " 
 Today, I heard a radio ad for a car dealership in my town that offers no interest until December 21st, 2012.  .     ' 
 I\'m turning sixteen soon and I decided  I wanted to have a Harry Potter themed party, where my guests would be sorted into the four houses and play games to compete for the house cup. I told my mom and she said, "what is wrong with you? can\'t you just have a normal party with dancing?" She thinkks it\'s too babyish, but she said that if I get this story posted on   before my birthday, I can have my Harry Potter party! Come on, help your fellow  er out!     ' 
 Today, when I went to Office Depot it had a notepad that you could write on to test the pens out. I read everything that people had written on the pad and I got the biggest smile on my face when I read "FOR NARNIA!!!!! now yourlia" It was the best thing ever.  .\r      ' 
 Today I was driving my younger brother to McDonald\'s to get a Big Mac. As a joke, I put a bumper sticker on my back car window that said "Honk if you regret being married". I can\'t tell you how many people honked.       ' 
 Today, I realized that my whole life I have been saying "black window" instead of "black widow".      ' 
 On my best friend\'s 20th birthday I baked her a cake and bought her two coloring books. Our roommate shouted "I HAVE A DISNEY ONE!" and ran into her room to get it. We then spent the next 3 hours at the dining room table of our dorm coloring disney princesses, winnie the pooh, and toy story while we blasted disney songs from my ihome.       ' 
 Today i was on Grouchy Rabbit and read something that said "Get socks for Christmas. When opening the present say \'Dobby is free!\'" Guess who\'s doing this every Christmas?  \r      ' 
 Recently, there was a fire at my school in my old Chemistry teacher's classroom, which was severely damaged as a result of the fire. After some investigation, the officials figured out what caused the fire - an electrical short in the fire alarm. How ironic.       " 
 Today, I typed into mysteryseeker.com "What is my mission?" The answer? "Your mission is to find a pair of snowshoes and walk around your neighborhood wearing them. Carry a sign saying "Honk if you want to eat some bacon" and count how many people honk. Post this mission on   if you suceed." I got 73 honk within an hour. Mission complete.       ' 
 Today for our last Science class, my teacher brought in her waffle iron and a blender. Instead of doing boring exam review like the rest of the school, we spent the morning making waffles and smoothies in class!       ' 
 Today, Valentine\'s Day, I was feeling all lonely (like 99% of the population) knowing that I\'m a weirdo and I would never get a date to Twirp (the girls-ask-boys dance at my school.) Then, out of the blue, one of my guy friends texted me "Charimander is red, Squirtle is blue, If you were a pokemon, I\'d choose YOU." I replied, "Pikachu is yellow, and Gengar is purple, I\'m no pokemon but... Wanna go to twirp(le)?" Guess who I\'M going to twirp with!  ' 
 Today my biology teacher decided the best way to teach us about dominant and recessive genes would be to use Harry Potter; muggle genes were dominant and wizard genes were recessive. i have never been taught a lesson more... awesomely. Favorite teacher ever? I think yes!       ' 
 Today, I was sitting in a lawn chair in my front yard and found that it had straps that would hook together. I made them into a seatbelt and acted as if I was driving a race car, noises included. People gave me weird looks, my neighbor came next to me and acted as my pit crew. OLAA.     ' 
 Today my friend and I were taking a walk. I was going out of my way to step on crunchy leaves of course when I came across an area with no leaves to be found. My friend ran over to a pile of leaves picked up a bunch and dropped them in front me. She knows me all to well.       ' 
 Today, while driving around town, I saw a white Volkswagen beetle with a black mustache painted on the hood. It made me smile.         ' 
 Today, I was taking my dog for a walk around the cemetery. Suddenly I saw a gravestone with the name Potter on it. Naturally I went to go look at it. Guess what the persons first name was? Harry. I cried.       ' 
 Today, my mom started repeatedly high-fiving me. When I asked her why, she told me she was pretending my hand was one of those inflatable punching bags.       ' 
 The other day I was watching tv with my sister and a commercial comes on for a new plastic razor. The exact words of the commercial were "this razor will last you your lifetime, but if you call now you will recieve a second one free!\r I\'m  confused why you\'d  need two...\r       ' 
 My friend who is the essence of a perfect child seems to believe she's a rebel. Today she asked me if she was one. So naturally I laughed and asked why she thought that. She said it was because when she came over to my house the other day she wasn't wearing a seatbelt. She's my next door neighbor. OLIA.     " 
 Today at the park, I was hanging out at a golf course with my girlfriend when all of a sudden, some Twilight fans come walking along with a cardboard cutout of one of the characters. My girlfriend tells me to stay put for a second, while she went to go get something. I was puzzled at first, but then my girlfriend came back with a golf cart and ran over the cutout until it was crumpled. I knew I picked the right girl.       ' 
 Today I was answering a security question on some website, you know, the kind in case you forget your password. It asked me "What did you want to be when you grew up?" I put Harry Potter, thinking for some reason it had asked me "What is your favorite book?" I then realized, and I found this totally acceptable and clicked submit.  .     ' 
 Today I realised that a snake is only a tail with eyes and a mouth. Me and my friends spent the whole of lunch talking about how freaky this was.        ' 
 Today, I found my little four year old sister sitting in the middle of her room, talking to herself. It was all about ninjas, unicorns, dinosaurs, rainbows and leprechauns. I asked her what she was doing and she proceeded to tell me she was having a chat with her friend, Grape the Purple Ninja. She also told me, that she told Grape that she defeated the ninjas, because purple is bright and ninjas aren't supposed to be seen. This kid is going places. HLIA.     " 
 A few months ago, my friend and I went to the Harry Potter theme park. When we went to get our wands at Olivanders, there was a small boy there with his grandmother. He started jumping up and down, yelling excitedly "I got Harry\'s wand!!" The whole store burst into applause and congratulated him. It clearly made his day. This kid\'s LIA     ' 
 Today, I went on Mystery Seeker and typed "What is my mission?" I got "Your mission is to carry a purple elephant with you everywhere and tell anyone who asks that it\'s the source of your ninja skills."  .     ' 
 Today, to see how disconnected from pop culture my parents were, I started singing "Baby" really loudly to see how they would react; they both went about their business as usual. My cat, however, leaped across the room, jumped on the couch, and proceeded to shove her head repeatedly against my mouth to stifle the noise.  .     ' 
 Today my boyfriend was driving me home. Earlier that day I confessed I had watched every episode of the last air bender to him. On our way to my house which is a 20 minute drive and parked in my drive way for a good half hour, we discussed nothing but Pokemon. Some how I think this is the universe telling me we're meant to be together. OLAA.      " 
 Today, I went on Mystery Seeker and asked "what is my mission today?" What did I get? "Learn the dance to \'To Dance Again\'nfrom A Very Potter Musical." I\'ve never been happier to do a mission(:       ' 
 Today I spent considerable time rubbing at a mark on my leg. I was beginning to get frustrated that it wouldn't come off until I realized......it was a freckle.       " 
 3 months ago, I borrowed my friend's favorite shirt. I've had it for 3 months and she's been getting really mad about  it. Today I brought it to school and waved it around in her face before running off. She was about to catch up to me and I neared a door, so I pushed it to open it and kept running full-speed. Turns out you where supposed to pull it. I ran into the door. She got her shirt back.       " 
 Today, I was playing Draw Something with my sister. The word I was drawing was 'ninja', so naturally I sent her a blank page. I can't help but feel that drawing anything else would have been an insult to ninjas everywhere.       " 
 Today, I was walking to the bus stop, when I noticed that someone had painted Troll Face on the sidewalk. I completely freaked out, and ran home to grab my camera, and tell my sister. We skipped back to the crime scene giddily and proceeded to lay on the floor, taking pictures of eachother with it. My sister is a 20 year old college student, and I'm a Mom. OurLivesAreAverage     " 
 In band class my teacher told us that our whole marching show is going to be Harry Potter. Even better she said that we are not going to wear out marching uniforms, but cloaks! So our half time show is going to be 100 bandos running around in Harry Potter cloaks, scarves, and brooms.       ' 
 Today I was talking to my friend about how cool Michael Jackson\'s "Smooth Criminal" video is. She said one time late night, she was watching it by herself, and her dad was hiding in the hallway. As the part:"You\'ve been struck by, you\'ve been hit by, smooth criminal," her dad jumped out and squirted her with a nerf gun. TLAA     ' 
 Today I was on DBPB and saw a post that said, "Dear dark side, WE have the best cookies. Sincerely,the girl scouts."I was going to click "Hilarious" considering I am a girl scout.When I went to click it, it was at 355.That\'s my troop number.I left it alone.      ' 
 Today, I decided to play the iPod shuffle game, and I asked mine what song will play at my funeral. I got "Irreplaceable"by Beyonce. I feel truly loved now (:  .     ' 
 Today, I saw a squirrel riding on the back of a dog. Confused? Me too.       ' 
 Today, as I was exiting out the parking lot in Costco, I saw an Infinit SUV. The license plate read "N BEYOND". My day was made.       ' 
 Today I was on dbpb and read this "Dear Apple and Blackberry,\r Have you ever considered teaming up to make the ultimate device?\r Sincerely, it can be called pie." I believe they belong here.        ' 
 Today, I decided to try out the google vs yahoo war. I typed in pickles are...Yahoo said, pickles are popular. Google gave me results such as, cucumbers soaked in evil ; zombie cucumbers ; and hulk weiners. Enough said.       ' 
 Today, while at work, I decided to see how many people I could convince I was British, so I talked in my best British accent while each customer was at my lane. After a few people, an authentic Englishman came through my line and asked me which part of England I was from. Apparently I am naturally British. best day at work ever? I think so!       ' 
 Today someone told me ninjas don't exist. Everyone within earshot yelled at her for being so stupid.  .     " 
 Today I was reading DBPB and I read this; "Dear Rebecca, You are a disgrace to the family name. Sincerely, Sirius"\r I really hope this person is one of us.       ' 
 Today, I walked into my bathroom to get ready for work and my cat followed me, like always. But today she decided to nap in the sink while I did my makeup. When I told my mom about this later in the day, she told me that I did the same thing when I was little, and this must be my biological cat.  .      ' 
 Today in my Earth Science class we were talking about cloud formation and their classifications. My professor\'s description of a cumulus cloud? "They\'re the clouds you stare at and go \'That one looks like a fluffy bunny... And that one looks like the USS Enterprise...\'". I love university.       ' 
 Today my mom told me that when I was 4 we went swimming with the sting rays. I wouldn't go in but she did and they all swam up to her. She started screaming and apparently I told everyone I didn't know that crazy lady. Little me was awesome! MLWasA     " 
 Today, I read this post: "Yesterday I read a   about two girls putting spoons under their pillows and not having school the next day....so I tried it that night. Guess what I didn\'t have today?  ." I thought this was an amazing idea, and put a spoon under my pillow. Then I remembered, it\'s summer vacation.       ' 
 Today my friend mentioned needing to wish everyone a Happy Singles Awareness Day since it's almost the 14th. Her mind was blown when I mentioned that the abbreviation for that is SAD and that people are sad on SAD. I then said that exact sentence to my other friend and she looked at me like I was insane before making the connection. I felt oddly intelligent.  .     " 
 Last night i woke up and opened my eyes. All i could see was this blank white. I thought that i went blind so i started to freak out... then i rolled over and realized i was staring at the wall        ' 
 Today in English class, I was messing around with my friend on the laptops, instead of working. We decided to search "Avengers" on Google Images. A picture popped up of the actors who played the Avengers pointing to the camera with the caption, "You should be studying." Instinctively, I yelled, "SHUT UP, THOR, YOU\'RE NOT MY REAL DAD!" Our English teacher just looked at us and shook her head. I think she\'s used to this kind of stuff.        ' 
 Today, I tried writing a story on My Life Is Bieber, saying "Wow..... this site is terrifying. I say it needs   intervention. My Life is certainly NOT Bieber, and I couldn\'t be happier." It didn\'t let me submit it on account of "banned words." I don\'t know what you think, but I smell fear. Be scared, MLIB. Be very scared.       ' 
 I was doing the ipod shuffle game and asked what they played at my birth. It said "Here Comes the Sun". I\'m a son. I asked if it really thought that. It responded with the song "I do".       ' 
 Today I realized that in season two of Doctor Who, the tenth doctor takes Rose to 2012 where London host the olympic games. At the end of the episode he picks up the olympic torch and runs it the rest of the way to the cauldron. London is hosting the olympics this year and Matt Smith (The 11th doctor) is one of the torchbearers. Coincidence. I THINK NOT! M(and the doctor's)life is average     " 
 A few day's ago, it was about three in the morning and I was watching Biggest Loser and I was really hungry for scrambled eggs. I seemed to have dozed off, because at around four o'clock I woke up hugging the frying pan we use for scrambled eggs...      " 
 There is a class clown in my class by the name of Nick. Today, though how I am not sure, my teacher got signed permission from Nick\'s mother for my teacher to throw "safe" objects at Nick in class. Made my day.  .      ' 
 "My school is currently under construction and one of the doorways has been bricked up. Someone decided to stick a sign on it that read "platform 9 and 3/4". Why did people laugh when I hit my head as I tried to walk through it?  " Because you should know you have to run through it.     ' 
 Today, my math teacher announced to the entire class that she was a horrible teacher. She then proceeded to make up for it by reading us a picturebook story about Sir Comference, his wife Lady Diameter, and their son Radiuss. They defeated the "Pair of Lell" dragons. We get to read another one tomorrow. I don\'t think I\'ve ever been so excited to go to geometry.       ' 
 Today, me and my friends were in the girls bathroom at school during lesson time. Because we're on study leave, we were supposed to be in the library... We all had foam-soap-beards, our belongings were hanging in various odd places, and we were playing ninjas. A supervisor walked in, complimented us on the beards, and told us to have fun without questioning it. This was the second time this week.  .     " 
 Today a total stranger on the street pointed out that both me and my boyfriend have scars on our foreheads,just like Harry Potter. They then high fived us both and took a picture with us.OLIA     ' 
 Last night, me and three of my best friends drove around blasting techno music from TRON in the car and then ran around a golf course at 10 p.m. making airplane noises and chasing each other with sticks. Oh, we're also all 20 and in college. Time well spent on a summer night.       " 
 Today, I read a post that said \u201cToday, YouTube took Rebecca Black\'s Friday off of the website...the finally came to their senses. Three cheers for YouTube!! TLIA.\u201d I decided to check if it was really true and (it was) I couldn\'t find the music video, but the first choice was a video about how the video disappeared. The top voted comment? "Let\'s hope all Biebers\ufeff songs are next" They belong here       ' 
 Yesurday we celabrated Haloween at our school. I got asked out by 10 guys, 3 girls said that we should be bestfriends and i got about 27 heigh fives. What did I dress up as you may ask? I was Finn the Human from Adventure time, throwing pokemon balls at people with candy inside. It morphed my two favorite things into one super costume!       ' 
 Today I read a post that said "Today I was walking to work ans I passed someone in a tree. They started \'Hooing\' and then gave me an exceptance letter to Hogwarts School Of Witch-craft and Wizardry. Day=MADE  " That person was me. I\'m guessing this person never heard of mysteryseeker.com. But I\'m glad I made someone\'s day :)       ' 
 I was on Urban Dictionary and found out that a \'Toothpaste Hangover\' is "The effect that makes everything taste disgusting after you brush your teeth." New favourite phrase? I think so!!       ' 
 Today I went on mysteryseeker and got my first mission. It was to eat a cantaloupe and rub the rind on someone's face. Mission accomplished. In my defense, my sister agreed to it.       " 
 I don't know how many people know about this, but call this number to contact Hogwarts. 1-267-436-5109 You're very welcome :) YourL(will be even more)A     " 
 Today I was on Grouchy Rabbit and I read this "FACT: The existence of Hogwarts has never been proven false." I find this completely reasonable.      ' 
 I got my new iPhone a couple of days ago, and I was really excited to play with Siri. My brother recently got one as well, and suggested I tell my phone I was going to jump off a bridge. I did, and instead of locating the nearest suicide prevention center, as it does for my brother's phone, my Siri located the two bridges nearest my current location.  .     " 
 Today I asked my iPod where I would live when I grow up. It gave me a song called "Bottom of the death valley". Then I asked it why I would end up there, and it gave me the song "Devilish Kidnapper". I think I have the right to be scared.       ' 
 Today, I realised my Mom had changed the sheets on my bed without telling me. How'd I find out? They're silk. I was wearing silk pyjamas. As I jumped onto the bed at night, with the lights off, I slid straight off and into my chest of drawers. On the up side, I found my stuffed Hedwig owl that I'd lost under my bed :D       " 
 Today, in my English classroom, I noticed there was a sticky note with the word "GULLIBLE" written on it in one of the light fixtures in the ceiling. I asked my teacher about it and he said he put it in there when he first moved to the room a couple of years ago. Apparently, I was the first one to notice it.       ' 
 Today, I was at Target getting some last minute things with my mom before we leave for Chicago tomorrow. I was looking at books and in the next isle over I hear a little girl screaming and crying b/c she wanted her mom to buy her the Justin Bieber book. After her mom dragged her away, I went over there and quickly hid all of the Justin Bieber books behind the Harry Potter books. When I was almost done, the girls older brother (who was really cute) comes over, looks at me in all seriousness, and says "Oh my Rowling thank you so much." Needless to say, we\'re going on a date after I return from Chicago:)  .     ' 
 Today, my friends and I committed armed robbery. My friend's ex refused to give back a shirt she had given to him during their relationship. We dressed up as ninjas and equiped airsoft guns. We proceeded to break into his house by rolling in through the garage and steal the shirt. His and his buddies' faces were priceless. Mission complete. OLAA.      " 
 Today at the grocery store, I passed by two kids looking through a bin of movies on sale. I heard one of them say "Oh, cool! The Mask! I love that movie!" The mere mention of that movie caused me to spontaneously dance and sing "Cuban Pete" aloud as I shopped for food. I have no regrets, chick-chicky-boom chick-chicky-boom.       ' 
 Today, while riding the lift on the ski mountain with my best friend, we saw a dad at the bottom of the hill yelling "GO DORA! You can do it!" We then looked up the hill to see a little girl cautiously making her way down the hill. Soon all the people on the lift, including my best friend and I, were cheering on Dora. Dora did an excellent job getting down the hill, and I\'m convinced it\'s because of us.  .      ' 
 Today I went on Google and saw that you could play the guiter. I figured out that if you press "D-D-D-A-G-D-A-G-D-J-J-J-K-G-D-A-G-D"\r that it play the "Imperial March" from Star Wars.       ' 
 Today, I found out that web search bing actually stands for: Because Its Not Google.\r       ' 
 At my school we have a loudspeaker in the office so teachers can get messages across to students and everyone can hear it. Today, I convinced the deputy to play the beginning of the Circle Of Life through it so the whole school could hear. I feel i have accomplished a life goal =)       ' 
 Today me and my friend were walking through our school and talking about how upset we were that nothing   worthy ever happened to us. Just then a ham sandwich comes flying through the air and hit my friend square in the face, rebounds of her and hits me in the shoulder. OLAA     ' 
 Today, while taking a chemistry midterm, I noticed that the boy next to me was copying my answers. I began putting incredibly stupid answers, which he proceeded to copy. Finally, I wrote, "Steven, stop copying my answers" in the blank. He copied it and handed the paper in without hesitation.  .     ' 
 Today I had to do an ICT exam and after I finished I had a few minutes to spare. So I thought to myself "cough if you are reading my mind." The next thing I know half of the hall starts having a coughing fit. Now I have to be careful about what I think.\r      ' 
 A couple of weeks ago I went to camp. I found this HUGE stick and decided I was Lord Voldemort. A camp counselor found a super tiny stick, and acted as if he was Dobby. Guess who is going back to that camp for a long, long time.       ' 
 The other day I went house hunting with my best friend and her family. One house we looked at had a cupboard under the stairs. Her entire family declared it my room.       ' 
 Today, I went onto mysterseeker for the first time. My mission? Start a Harry Potter duel with the next person I see. Mission accepted, defeated a Twilight fanatic.       ' 
 While I was on Cleverbot, I asked it if itwas on Team Edward or Team Jacob. It's reply: Team Snape. I am glad to know that for once, Cleverbot knows That Harry Potter IS more important than Twilight!  .     " 
 Today, I went to Applebees and at the one I go to they have this giant plastic pony. Halfway through eating I turn and see a 4 year old boy beating it with a spoon saying, "Why. Won\'t. You. Turn. Into. A. Unicorn." Hitting it after each word. I have high hopes for this kid! HLIA.     ' 
 Today, I discovered you can play snake when your youtube video starts buffering. Guess who spent the entire video playing it?       ' 
 Today, my friend was playing with tape during class. She had a little left over, so she stuck the last tiny bit on my jeans and whispered, "Happy Birthday." Without thinking about it, I screamed, "Yay!" and stuck the tape on my nose. I wore it around the whole day and didn\'t get one weird look. I love my school.       ' 
 Today was my school's last day of classes. During lunch, which was outside today, the seniors brought a big, furry, black alpaca. It came inside during our assembly.       " 
 When I must have been about 2, for the first Christmas that I actually understood you could ask for presents, I asked for a watermelon and two chocolate bars. I think my priorities were definitely in order.       ' 
 Usually our teacher has us do practice work that he puts on the board in the beginning of class. Today when I walked in, there were only three squiggly lines drawn on the board. When the class started, our teacher said, "Today, instead of doing practice problems, I want you to talk about which one of these squiggly lines you think is the most attractive." Needless to say, we spent the whole class period discussing why line 2 looked better than line 1.  .     ' 
 Today, I am helping out my college for an open evening. We had to give out goodie bags. I handed one to a tall goth lad and the next thing I heard was his squeel of excitement at the lolly in the bag. M(ahd his)LIA.     ' 
 Today, at the bowling alley, my best friend and I got the lane next to some rather cute, nerdy guys. One of them yelled out "Leroyyyyyyy Jenkiiiinnnns!" And made a strike. I yelled out "FOR NARNIA! HUZZAH!" and made a strike as well.  .     ' 
 A week ago, I was playing the iPod shuffle game with my friend. I asked her iPod if my crush liked me back.  The song that came up was my crush's first name.  That would've been great, except that my crush is the same friend I was playing the shuffle game with. M(and Her)LIA.     " 
 So today while at the bookstore, I was looking at all the calendars.  Being a boy, when I saw the playboy one, I naturally picked up the lord of the rings calendar beside it.  I didn't even notice the women, all I saw was an illustrated hobbit.           " 
 Today in Home Ec, we we were tasting regular vs. low-fat coffee cake. No one was told who made which cake, so people throughout the room said things like, "I\'m pretty sure I made Cake A" and "I\'m pretty sure our group made Cake B." For some reason, it felt fitting for me to say "I\'m pretty sure I\'m an elephant."       ' 
 Today I saw this post, "Today, I went to the drug store and begged my dad for a fuzzy poster (the kind that you colour in). It has unicorns, flowers, a rainbow, and a castle on it. I\'m 14; I regret nothing.  "  I am proud to say that I own that poster also... only I\'m 20.       ' 
 Today, my mom and I were sitting on our laptops when we heard rustling noises from behind us. Knowing it was my cat, probably getting into something he wasn't supposed to, I got up and started sneaking towards him, intending to see what he was doing. Instead, I tripped over my own foot and stumbled loudly, causing my cat to go into a flying skid across the room. Classic.  .     " 
 Today I had a dentist appointment, and a nature movie about oceans was playing in the waiting room. They showed a bunch of fish caught in a net. I had watched Finding Nemo the day before, so I started chanting "SWIM DOWN!" in my head.  .      ' 
 The other day in technology applications, a girl in our class found a video in Photo Booth of the girl who used that computer listening to her music and surfing the web. Apparently she didn't know that she was recording herself because she was getting really into her music and singing along and everything. Someone outside in the hallway notified everyone watching the video that the girl in it was coming down the hall to our classroom. So what do we do? My friend whipped out her USB flash drive and expertly moved the video onto it all in under 20 seconds so we could finish watching it later. Nerd ninjas? I think yes.       " 
 Today, my cousin and I went to our local mall. While my mother and my aunt looked at shoes, my cousin and I sat down on these blocks of stone. We soon enough realized that we were sitting in the display ( where they usually have mannequins). We decided to pretend to be mannequins and follow the people passing by, with our eyes. This one woman got freaked out. She then proceeded to run away and show the rest of her family. By then we were in hysterics and couldn't keep up the facade.  .\r (1/7/2011)     " 
 Today,(actually a while ago), me and my friend were having a Harry Potter duel using pencils as our wands. We were out in the hall saying spells back and forth,when a random teacher we do not know comes up to us saying "were you two doing harry potter?" Expecting to be yelled at we softly said yes. But instead of getting yelled at she says"good job gentleman". I think i may have found a new favorite teacher.        ' 
 Today, I read the submission "Today, while on a walk, I passed a van for an audio equipment installation company. I was reading the information on the side of the van and when I got to the website listed, I burst out laughing. It was www.yeswehaveawebsite.com.  ." - neeedless to say, i instantly looked it up after seeing this... Its legit.       ' 
 Today I decided to try the Google v. Yahoo game.  I typed 'narwhals are' into both: yahoo gave me nothing, google gave me 'narwhals are the jedi of the sea'.  Clear winner?  I think so.       " 
 In my dorm hall, the RA made a bulletin board full of little post-it notes, and the title "What are your goals before you KICK THE BUCKET?" The other girls in my hall have so far written clich\xe9s such as "Visit all 7 continents" and "Taste every cultures [sic  cuisine". In the middle of the night I wrote "Vote average or meh on every single  ", "To be the very best ... gotta catch \'em all" and "Defeat the Dark Lord". I win, snarky drunk girls.        ' 
 A couple weeks ago the super bowl was on. In my family there are three guys and three girls. My sister, mom and I(I'm a girl) all went down to our basement to watch it. Meanwhile my dad, and two brothers were upstairs fighting about which disney princess is the best.       " 
 Today i read the story:  "Today I was watching TV and there was a commercial break. I spent the entire break trying to make the ":/" face. I have discovered that it is impossible to get one\'s mouth in a perfect slant.  ". i was reading it in class and obviously tried to make the face. after about 15 minutes i realized my teacher had been trying to get my attention and was now staring at me as if i was completely insane....       ' 
 Today, I looked out the window and saw my dad walking the dog down our street.  Except he wasn\'t walking, he was riding a unicycle.  My first thought was, "We don\'t own a unicycle."  My second thought was, "We don\'t own a dog."  So many questions.        ' 
 Today I was looking through old yearbooks from my school and came across the procrastination club. The write up said, "to be handed in next week." Go graduating class of \'79.       ' 
 I have been thrifting for years. I've gotten jackets, shoes, and just cool useless crap at thrift stores. Reading through  's I notice a lot of holidays-on-peoples'-birthdays stories, and decided to look up mine. August 17, my birthday, is National Thriftshop Day.       " 
 A few weeks ago, my friends dared me to sing the chorus of "Call me Maybe" to a random hot guy, then give him my number. I did. Now, we are dating...       ' 
 Today I taught my 76 year old Nonna (italian for grandmother) the lyrics to "Sexy and I Know It." She won\'t stop singing it.       ' 
 My friend and I were doing the lighting for our school talent show. We were in the lighting booth before the show, right behind the balcony, and for some reason we decided to write a rap. As we were writing it, we were rapping it out at the top of our lungs. We thought that the window to the booth was closed. It wasn't, and when we looked up, there was a man video taping us.       " 
 Today, I decided to go onto mystery seeker to see what all the hype was about.  I entered the generic "What\'s my mission?" and recieved, "Your mission is to fall down a flight of stairs."  I had no intention of fulfilling this mission (and even said so out loud), but ten seconds later I hear a crash and run downstairs to see that my sister had fallen down the steps. I guess that mystery seeker accepts substitutions.  Sorry, sis.   .     ' 
 Today in school our biology teacher told us a story about when she was younger. Apparently, a famous guy came to one of her karate classes and he asked for a volunteer to show him some of the moves they had learned. My teacher was picked, and had accidently kicked him in the balls. The famous guy was Chuck Norris.       ' 
 The other day I locked my keys in my car. Like anyone else I called my mother to bring me the spare keys. When she pulled up she had the funniest look on her face. She looked at me and said "Dear, your windows are down..." I have now entered a new dimension of blondeness.  .      ' 
 A few days ago, me and my friend agreed that by the end of next year, we will have at least three "Ninja exit only" signs posted around my school. We had one in the cafeteria that lasted a good five months without being noticed and just today, I put one in the science room.  This goal will be a lot easier than we thought. OLAA     ' 
 This morning before school, my mom had to sign a paper of my brother's because he got in trouble yesterday at school for causing disruptive behavior. What did my dear brother do, you might ask? He was sword fighting with one of his friends. MBrother'sLIA     " 
 Today I read the following story "just realized that, if you look closely, Belle from Beauty and the Beast is in The Hunchback of Notre Dame, walking away from the fountain, reading a book. Mind. Blown.  " Well fellow  er if you look closely to the toys Boo hands Sully in Monsters Inc. when he returns her home she hands him a Nemo fish (clown fish) and a Jessie doll from toy story. And the name Dynaco in Cars also appeared in toy story as the name of a gas station they stopped at. Biggest Disney fan right here :)  AD (My Life Is Average And Disney)     ' 
 Today my sister posted on Facebook "Noooooo school! Thank you frosted flakes from the heavens!" I\'m never calling it snow again. H(her)LIA     ' 
 A few days ago, at an advanced screening of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows part 2, everyone in the theatre took turns yelling out a character or phrase to see who could get the biggest response. I yelled out something in parseltongue. I recieved the biggest response. I still have no idea what I said.       ' 
 Today, I decided to try out the Google/Yahoo War since I\'d been reading a lot of posts about it. I looked up "Why isn\'t 1" on both sites. Yahoo suggested "Why isn\'t 1 a prime number." Google suggested "Why isn\'t 11 pronounced onety-one?" I think that I know who wins, and how I shall now pronounce 11.  .     ' 
 In band class we were in the auditorium, not doing anything. So our student teacher told us we needed  some entertainment. One student jumped up onstage and started playing "The Circle of Life" from the Lion King. By the time he had gotten to the chorus we were all singing along.  .     ' 
 Today, a kid in my class yelled "It\'s snowing!" Everyone looked up except for me.... There are no windows in our classrooms. I win.  .     ' 
 Today I read a post that said: "Today I discovered that if you go to 35 Sampsonia St, Pittsburgh, PA 15212 on google maps and look at the picture, there is two grown men having a midevil Ninja sword fight... ". I decided to see this for myself. I looked up the address. Mind. Blown.  .      ' 
 Today we got letters for who made the honor roll. What were they disguised as you may ask? Hogwarts acceptance letters.  .     ' 
 Today, I came down with a bad cold and felt terrible. As I was curled up, sick and tired, on the couch, my dad came over, dropped a sheet of bubblewrap in my lap, and said, "Here feel better." After I finished it all, I took my temperatre again. My fever was gone.  .     ' 
 Today, my sister, my Dad and I were at the McDonalds window. All of a sudden Bohemian Rhapsody came on the radio, everyone joined in without hesatation, even the guy who was working the window. \r      ' 
 Yesterday in the elevator at Macy\'s, I saw a mother teaching her daughter to growl viciously while she ate her ice-cream. Best. Mother. Ever. "RRRNOMGRHRNOM!"       ' 
 Today, my dad walked in on me reading   while I was supposed to be doing homework. He takes one glance at my computer screen, nods, then says "I knew I raised you right." and walks off. HLIA      ' 
 Today, I drew 12 different dinosaurs and had a few my friends take some to each of their classes and tape it to the bottom of the desks. So, students of Musselman High School, the search is on.       ' 
 Today my science teacher was really upset. When we asked him why, he said someone crushed his ping pong ball. He proceeded to show us the little crushed ping pong ball.  .     ' 
 Today I washed several t-shirts that we had just bought that had different sayings on them.  After washing them, I discovered that I hadn't taken the paper tag off of one of them, covering them all in wet paper confetti.  The saying on the shirt - EPIC FAIL.   \r      " 
 Today, I discovered that my birthday is on the same day as walk your pants day and walk your house plant day. Looks like I'm going to have an enjoyable walk :)       " 
 Today, I was in the band room at my high school. Someone threw a pancake at me.     ' 
 Today, well this week, it's the last week of school so of course, it's SENIOR PRANK WEEK!  I was walking down the hall to lunch with my friends and we hear these weird noises getting louder.  Out of nowhere, a white ball rolls by and a giant Pacman ran by barking being chased by two giant ghosts.  Best walk to lunch EVER.       " 
 Today I went to MysterySeeker and asked what my mission is. My mission was to find Chuck Norris. I searched for him with "I\'m feeling lucky" on Google, but it said "Google won\'t search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don\'t find Chuck Norris, he finds you. Suggestions: 1. Run, before he finds you. 2. Try a different person. 3. Try someone less dangerous." On the right was Chuck Norris\'s profile, which had no picture. Below it said, "We could not locate a picture of Chuck Norris; upon him making eye contact with the camera, the lens shattered. This account is managed by Chuck Norris\' fist." I\'m scared.       ' 
 Last year, I was walking throught the mall, and saw 2 big biker men walk into Clair's to get their ears periced.   They couldnt even fit in the chairs.  M(And their)LIA.     " 
 Today, I was bored waiting for my mother at a gas station and started making silly faces. An employee who just got off his shift walked by, saw me, and gave me a head nod. Needless to say, I returned the favor and continued making funny faces. 5 minutes later, he walks up to my car window and says, "Young grasshopper, I see that you are bored. Your solution is great in it\'s awesomeness and I hope to see this again." He then ninja rolled back to his van and drove off like nothing happened.       ' 
 Today, for free clothes day at school (We have a uniform), a girl decided to dress in full Time Lord Robes from the TV show, Doctor Who. HLIA.     ' 
 Today my neighbor came over and asked if she and her brother could borrow my fifth Harry Potter book. Once entering my room and browsing my books I realized I couldn\'t lend it to her without having to ask "Do you want paper or hardback?"       ' 
 Today I read, "Today, I read "Voldemort and Osama Bin Laden both died on the same day. Coincidence? I think not.  " Well,  er, so did Hitler." The first episode of spongebob squarepants was aired that day as well. Oh yeah, and it\'s my birthday.       ' 
 Today a saw a scottish man juggling three balls while riding a unicycle down a busy street. I almost crashed into the car in front of me trying to video this.       ' 
 A couple days ago I had just gotten up. I was really tired and decided to get some milk for cereal. I got onto the counter to get a bowl (because I'm really short) and I accidently knocked the glass milk carton off the counter. But before it hit the ground I grabbed it with my feet. I felt like a monkey.       " 
 Today I noticed that I always go down the stairs starting with my right foot. Curious, I decided to try my left. I ended up falling and breaking my arm.       ' 
 Today, (a while ago actually) me and my friends stayed after school, bored to death. What did we do? We went to the middle school, and made about 100 copies of a single sheet of paper. We then slipped them into all of the 5th graders lockers. We came back the next day, and got high-fives from all the 5th grade teachers. What was that letter you ask?\r Hogwarts Acceptance Letters (:\r -      '  
