My bestfriendssssss are awesome, dang I missed my group. This reminds me of being on the road traveling with these fools 24/7 man you can’t beat that type of friendship
I don’t care how we ended, what happened between us or any of that. If we were friends or something more at one point then I guarantee you that I miss you more then anything and would love to talk to you again. Never forget that guys!!!
Dear friends I wish you the best of holidays and the happiest of moments. I would like to thank several people but I’m half asleep writing this before bed and I’m misspelling half the names I’m trying to @ I’d like to thank Bol for having me for another year. Great people who have made me feel welcome and given me the chance to be part of the Bol family. Thank you. Sincerely. This includes the people from sunguard who have extended the same hand of friendship and put up with my random two minute silliness when I log on to milk the garrison. I’d like to thank the friends outside of Bol and sunguard who have been good to me and I kid around with. You guys are great and especially great in accepting me as I am. I’ll go into specific names a bit as well. Edit : I had to stop because it was seriously taking too long. If I talk to you on tumblr I have a good opinion of you and if I like reblog it’s even higher. I want you to all have great holidays.
Ich mach mir verdammte Sorgen um dich… Ich weiß Leben spielt nicht immer wie du willst… Schicksal ist ein mieser Verräter.. Und Liebe ein scheiß Gefühl wenn die Person die du liebst dich nicht wertschätzt.. Aber hey, du hast Freunde, die sich sorgen, dir helfen wollen und niemals wollen das du ein Scherbehaufen wie jetzt bist.. Wenn die Person dich nicht mag, hat sie dich gar nicht verdient! Red dir nicht ein das du schlecht bist. Du bist perfekt, auf deine eigene Art und auch wenn du schüchtern bist ist es gut so. Einen Menschen mit einer solchen Art sieht man nur sehr selten, mit einen ehrlichen Charakter, mit Humor und du besitzt sogar noch Hirn und wer das alles nicht mag an dir kann dich ehrlich vergessen! Ich weiß Liebe ist ein zugleich wundervolles aber auch grausames Gefühl, leider kennst du gerade nur die Grausame. Aber anstatt dich fertig zumachen und dich wieder schneiden zu wollen, geh raus mit Freunden und unternimm was. Alle wollen dir helfen, sie wollen dich nur glücklich sehen und nicht wie du an jemanden psychisch stirbst weil sie nur ins Bett mit dir will und du sie doch liebst.. Du stehst über sowas! Ich kenn dich anders.. Wir alle vermissen dein ehrlichrs Lächeln, deine liebevolle Seite.. Dieses Ding was nur ans sterben denkt bist du nicht!
My friends: Grew up watching Disney movies! Me: Grew up climbing trees and eating apples from people’s apple trees.
There is this guy in my friends group and I think I may have a crush on him. I really don’t want to like him because I do not want to screw things up because that is what I do.I spend about 4 out of the 8 hours of school with him and generally it is just the 2 of us in the library so I don’t want to fuck things up. But he is just such a sweetie and we have a great time making each other laugh. However, I never let my feelings out cause it ends up messing things up, it’s just how I am. Please give me some advice!!!!!!!
Does anyone from Austin, Tx wanna be my friend? I’m moving in August, and I need friends from Austin so I’m not totally alone.
Greeting someone who has been ill with “IT LIVES!” will always be my favourite thing
<!-- more --> SHUT UP SHUT UP DON’T KEEP STESSING ME OUT WHEN I DON’T KNOW THE WORDS YOU ARE NOT CUTE STOP TRYING TO BE CUTE BE QUIET JUST SHUT UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chandler and Monica are dating in real life, my heart is happy.
It’s weird who you miss when it comes down to it. What if we really lived our lives the way we didn’t know we wanted til it was over?
12/18/15  you know what I’ll never understand? how when we were breaking up, we both said we wanted to be friends and that you’ll keep in touch because if we really felt that strongly for one another we couldn’t just let go, right? then how is it that after that day I never heard from you again. and when I tried to reach out to you, you were so cold. so mean. so hurtful. like I never meant anything.  you could see how I might go a little crazy. I still wanted to talk to you but here I am. making shit up in my head and driving myself insane because maybe I never meant anything to you at all and that kills me.
Summer ended, and so did I.  For I am only a season which people prefer only once a year, that warmth of friendship and love no longer exists. - Jokekiller247
I have had way too many friends that have said horrible things to me and I would let them back into my life. I am so happy I no longer stand for that kind of bullshit. I am going to take care of myself and no longer give the people who think its okay to call me names and use my problems against me the chance to ever do it again. Don’t underestimate my ability to cut you out of my life. I will do it without a care in the world if you disrespect me. Once that line has crossed I no longer give a flying fuck .
Selfie: Olaf Writes  Dear Crush; We are back once again to school. I thought I wouldn’t see you again but since there are no walls between us I can be looking at you from a distance. How are you doing? I left this letter inside your book because I’m shy to talk to you. I have never said a word to you before. Maybe it’s because I can’t stop myself from thinking about you.  I have never spoken… View On WordPress
WE ARE YOUR FRIENDS   Dated Released : 26 August 2015 Quality : BluRay 720p Info : imdb.com/title/tt3787590 IMDb Rating : 5.9 (9.419 users) Star : Zac Efron, Wes Bentley, Emily Ratajkowski Genre : Drama, Music, Romance —————————————- Download Files Download Subtitle Indonesia  —- * Join filenya dg hjsplit, caranya baca tutorial di menu panduan    ====================================================================… View On WordPress
On “CBS Sunday Morning,” Friends, and Coincidence At a gathering recently, a friend and I referred to the same news clip that we each had seen on TV. It seems that another family looks forward to the same news program that The Husband and I have been watching for a couple of decades. CBS Sunday Morning has been a great way to pass an early Sunday morning. The stories and news clips are great viewing for kids of all ages and we always discover… View On WordPress
1. Support systems are the most important things you can have to help you get through this crazy life. [Be kind to people. Reach out. Make true friends. Because these are the ones who will offer up their pillows to you so you can sob into them at the end of the night. They are the ones who will dance with you when you’re breaking out into tears on the dance floor or the roommates who will stay up with you until 3 a.m. talking about nothing. They will stay longer with you than any boy will.] 2. Work hard, play hard. [I worked really hard this year and it paid off. And I actually enjoyed it. I didn’t play AS hard as last year, but I still went out a lot which was fun. You just need to find the balance between the two.] 3. Take classes that interest you and DO THE READING. [I took Russian Lit and I read every page of the 2 900 page books. And I’ve never been more proud and inspired. I also took a poli sci class and read most of the readings and did really well. Even though some of them were agonizing and boring.] 4. Try to get away if you are in need of inspiration or a dose of independence. [I was extremely lucky to travel to D.C. and Colorado this year for very low expenses. I understand this is not always the case. But even escaping to that Barnes & Noble or into the city, or to the lakefront, those are all much needed in certain times of distress.] 5. Don’t believe what people tell you, believe what you see. [These are words my journalism teacher told us at the end of our class. But it’s so accurate. With my experience with boys this year, you have to take actions into account constantly. Someone can tell you your beautiful. They can tell you that they like you. But if they don’t show you by taking you out or making time for you, then odds are, the words are hollow.] 6. Adding to that: DON’T make excuses for people and set your standards high. 7. Confronting someone is often better than being passive aggressive. Just be honest and put it all out there. Also make sure you have a valid argument/evidence before you confront someone over nothing.  8. Honesty is ALWAYS the best policy. And that also means being honest to yourself.  9. Clean a messy room. It makes you feel good. Delete old photos. Old phone numbers. Old messages. Keep what makes you happy.  10. Hang up fairy lights and watch Legally Blonde if you’re sad.  11. Make playlists to go with what you feel. Hearing someone else sing about something you may be thinking about will make you feel better because it shows you you’re not alone.  12. Stop believing in tragic, romantic love that tears you apart. Believe in a normal human love that comforts you in small moments each day and is honest and imperfect and requires a choice of commitment.  13. Believe in the small moments.  14. Find your way to limit stress. I found that mine is running.  15. Be brave and remember that change is the only constants so you better get used to it. Also remember that time heals everything. It just takes..well time.
(when someone will actually promise to stay and actually keep that promise)
.
I’ve been thinking about you more recently. About us. About all the time that has passed. It’s been over a year since I’ve tried to reach out to you. I just keep thinking one day you’ll miss me. One day you’ll want to be friends again. One day I’ll stop feeling this way. You did.
yall i just got a flood of emotion and i just wanna say thank u @ my friends for being so great i love u all so much and thank you just thank you
Today I was content and truly and purely happy at least for a moment. I didn’t stress about anything and with one more day left until winter break, I was okay. Today I learned: 1.) being with your sports team is really fun 2.) making new inside jokes are great even if you’ve known the person your whole life or even just a week 3.) cracking jokes always helps 4.) and smiling until your stomach hurts 5.) being so exhausted that you laugh at everything for like 10 minutes is a beautiful thing 6.) even if that homework or test will take forever, don’t worry about it 7.) and even if your very, and I mean VERY introverted, if your phone died and you don’t even care is an amazing blessing 8.) and not caring because you have extraordinary people around you is even better 9.) don’t stress about so much that you forget what having fun is like 10.) never forget to live a little 11.) Do you think this is a yolk? 12.) Love yourself 13.) Love to live 14.) always listen to country music when it’s pouring down rain with your new basketball hoodie on and just smiling because you can 15.) Have courage and be kind 16.) Smile not because you have to, but because you can’t help but to do it
HEY GUYS my *~fiancé~* is finally on tumblr and he’s adamant that he won’t actually use it or make any friends and that it’s ONLY to follow the official Star Wars account so let’s guilt him into doing otherwise 🤓 go say hi!! he’s @scifiactionviolence
literally if im going to loose more opportunities in performing in shows just because someone said that my life or anything is invalid then like so be it because i really don’t want to lie to myself and surround myself around people who are not aware of what is happening.   its’s super annoying that i have to explain a thousand of times that something hurts me and i politely say “hey can you not say that? kinda makes me sad” and they go down the line of the fucking “butthurt” train and say im just a baby.    i hate people who won’t fucking listen and they wonder why i yell all the fuckin time lol.   because im tired of sayin the same bullshit.
Watching Friends and thinking… Of all the people I wanted Rachel to be with, who were good for her, she ended up… With Ross. No.
I want to go up to the mountains with you and listen to Sleeping with Sirens and Pierce the Veil
I like you because you join in on my weirdness.
Read the Full Article Here ..
Yo I’m just trying to make friends in the Seattle and surrounding areas. Though mostly surrounding because I live in the surrounding area.
i need more friends.
today is exactly the one-year anniversary of me cutting one of the shittiest people ever out of my life, and approximately mine and @ghostoids’ five-month friendship anniversary so im thinkin tonight deserves a celebration 💖
Hurley: “You’re lucky you were facing the couch and not the counter otherwise I’d be facing charges!” Hahaha poor me
Photo Diary: Central Park Central Park gets one post all by itself. As noisy as it gets in New York City, once you step into the grounds, it quietens down, fading away as if the trees act as a filter for the urban mess. (They actually really do) As it was still cold af, most of the trees were still bare. Some of the streams were frozen, and the park was almost silent as the day moved into twilight, casting long shadows… View On WordPress
The super cool and amazing Olivia {@agrainonthebeach} tagged me to post this so here I go! 1. Hollow - Tori Kelly 2. Old Ways - Demi Lovato 3. Me & The Rhythm - Selena Gomez 4. Lush Life - Zara Larsson 5. It’s Not Over Yet - KING & COUNTRY Now, I tag @rebecca-dearest, @vintageborn, @she-was-a-hur-ricane, @taleeningtowerofpisa, @faithwillstand, @vintage-mountain, @pursuitofmore, @a-friend-of-god, @skeletonchanel, and @gospelintheseveins, and anyone else who wants to join in on this :)
i think the saddest kind of breakup is when two people never make amends and basically cut eachother out of their lives. maybe a hey or small talk every now and then, but the friendship they once had is now a distant memory.
Someone message me, i need new friends to talk to
Okay so can we talk about this term? I get it, it’s lovely in situations like clothing or gender…however more recently I’ve had multiple friends use this phrase for some not so nice stuff, like smoking, corset training (to the extreme) etc. but In my opinion I hate this, you wouldn’t say this in the case of cutting, or not taking meds for mental illness…its your body of course, but when you make friends and have family and ya know CARE about other people it’s not just your body to love anymore, it’s everyone’s whose ever cared about you and still does. But hey maybe it’s just me, I dunno what do you guys think?
It’s all about friends this weekend. Double date with the boyfran n co-workers Saturday! Then meeting the boyfranz friend Sunday! So excited :3
whenever I’m sad I remember that @theabominablewife called me baby sherlock and my mood is improved by like 99%
I learned when I was younger to keep quiet, and never let anyone know what is going through my mind because no one cares. As I’ve grown I learned that it’s true. No one cares as long as you put that smile on in the morning and laugh, while the tears pile up behind the mask. I’ve found a couple people who I can tell these thoughts to without any judgement and I’m truly thankful for them, they are the reason I’m still going, without them I’m not sure if I would have made it to this day or the next.
When one of you group of friends is talking trash about one of you friends but you have a pretty good rep in the group so you kinda just have to sit there and take it
8:20pm. Mom is randomly being a bitch again. And congrats, mother, you finally cooked something.  I get it, she hates everything and she’s an overweight angry ball of bitchiness, but can she not spread it around?  I already have enough going on with Sadie, who I consider to be a close friend, and she’s already losing it and starting issues over small things.  I don’t need TWO angry overweight bitches in my life. Whatever, I’m not even gonna try focusing on that bitch, I’m gonna listen to some music and enjoy myself before it starts to rain and the water floods through my window.
This girl I’m friends with on facebook is problematic on so many levels but the sheer stupidity of the things she posts astounds and entertains me so I refuse to unfriend her
I really appreciate the people I can talk to about anything, that will listen objectively Even if it’s the same thing.. Over n over. I tend to go crazy when I don’t speak.
Texting your best friend at 1am to make sure he’s aware that you are hungry.
//context: we were all in the auditorium and i sat with him and his group, replacing Christians place (since he sat outside). and we did the work and just talked with each other. it was amazing. funny. happy.  joewow(?): a perfect mixture of Connor Franta and Christian. with just a dash of his own sour sarcasm. insanely funny and awkward.  but then again, I’m just noticing his aesthetic. it’s not like he’s fine actually remember me. I’m easily forgotten by people. sighs.
Whether it’s a friend, significant other, or family member. Someone who takes away your bad thoughts, your insecurities, your doubts, and your fears and replaces them with a place to lay your head after a long day. Someone you can cry with, laugh with, be yourself with. And when you find that person, never ever let them go.
ross & rachel taking a break still makes me cry evry time
Do you ever have those moments when you love your friends so fucking much and you like want to be so impossibly close to them, get them pierce your soul bc you can’t stand all the love?
i wish i had my phone so i could wake up @asrielchic to talk about megalovania
I got all my friends presents wrapped and ready to go!!!! I hope they like them
Aries: Janice Taurus: ross Gemini: chandler Cancer: carol Leo: joey Virgo: Rachel Libra: mike hannigan Scorpio: gunther Sagittarius: Phoebe Capricorn: Monica Aquarius: julie Pisces: marcel
Read the Full Article Here ..
When you fall asleep on your bed and your friend hides your phone under your sheets so when you wake up and shower and get ready for bed you notice your phone is MIA. I was freaking out and then he came back to my room and I was like wtf where is my phone I can’t find it. And he’s all idk I’ll call it and I see it light up under my sheets! Haha ok go you give me a heart attack and make me think I’m going crazy ! But thank you for some reason you can always make me smile even when I don’t want to :)
everything i want is in new york
2015 has been the year of concerts. I can’t believe it, but I saw ALL my favorite artists this year! 1. Just Kids Tour Venue: The Filmore, Silver Spring MD Opening Act: Parachute, Judah and the Lion Main: Mat Kearney Mat brings out Judah and the Lion on stage to sing a cover of Uptown Funk This concert was a dream. I’m not a die hard fan of Parachute, but they sounded great, they’re local Virginians, and know how to hype up the crowd. I’ve been listening to Judah and the Lion since high school, so I was pretty excited to see them live. Judah was by far one of the most entertaining bands I’ve ever seen. Now, comes Mat. When I went to this concert, he was my absolute favorite artist. As you can see in the photo, I was only a few feet away from the stage. My friends pushed me up to the front and I was able to keep my ground all of Mat’s set. It was incredible. 5 out of 5 stars. 2. Love Ran Red Tour Venue: Hampton Coliseum, Hampton VA Acts: Rend Collective, Tenth Avenue North, Chris Tomlin This concert was legit. All three of these bands love the Lord and truly dedicate the evening to worship. Rend Collective is a crazy upbeat, Irish band, full of talented artists. Tenth Avenue North is the reason I bought my ticket to the concert. They were my first Christian band I ever listened to intentionally. Surprise: Tenth Avenue North was at church the morning of the concert, and I was able to meet the band!                    Chris Tomlin was also a wonderful performer. He took questions from the audience, and it was incredible to see him lead worship for so many people. This concert was also sweet because I went with a group of 15+ friends! 3. Tour de Compadres Venue: Iroquois Ampitheater, Louisville KY Acts: Colony House, Drew Holcomb & the Neighbors, Ben Rector, NEEDTOBREATHE I will never forget this concert, simply because of the road trip around it. Yes, I did agree to drive 8 hours to Kentucky to see a concert. It was completely worth it. This is probably super controversial, but Needtobreathe is not my favorite go to band of all times. But they are a great band, and their performance was entertaining. I was honestly so tired by the end of the concert (from a long day of road tripping) and I barely remember their part of the show. But Colony House was ok, their set was very short. Drew Holcomb was wonderful, I’d definitely see him in concert again. BEN RECTOR (currently my favorite artist) was my favorite part of the concert hands down. He played his then not yet released song “Men That Drive Me Places.” It was gold. I wished his set was longer. 4. Rock This World Tour Venue: Verizon Center, Washington DC Opening: Gavin Degraw Main: Shania Twain Talk about a childhood dream come to life. Growing up, Shania Twain was my idol and creator of favorite girl power singalongs. When I heard this was her farewell tour, I could not miss it. Here’s the thing, I honestly was a bit disappointed for this one. The Verizon Center is so huge, and Shania is just one person. It’s difficult to entertain so many people at once. Although it wasn’t super engaging, she did sound just the same, and it was definitely nostalgic. 5. Nick Jonas Live Tour Venue: The Filmore, Silver Spring MD Act: Nick Jonas This concert has a road trip story behind it too. Picture this: A drive that should only take 3 hours bringing you right on time..turns into 6 ½ hours because it’s torrential downpour rain and then you miss the opening act plus the first half of the main set. :) So, yes the drive was completely terrifying, but my best friend and I made it alive. We hurried into the venue and Nick was already up on stage. We had missed a good 4 or 5 songs. The last end of the concert was still worth it. This was the first time seeing Nick in concert solo (since the Jonas Brothers ended) His voice is truly a gift. Nick dancing his little heart out 6. Winter Meltdown Series Venue: The Norva, Norfolk VA Acts: PARIS, The Struts Main: TWENTY ONE PILOTS The last and best concert I attended in 2015. Paris was ok. The Struts were borderline creepy, inspired by The Who, but some how got the audience more hype than expected. I don’t even know how to explain the rest of the concert. Twenty One Pilots are a band you simply must see live. Theyre music was created to be performed and it’s incredible. I loved it so much. 100% will see them many more times. Josh Dunn and Tyler Joseph of Twenty One Pilots I realize this post is mostly me listing my favorite artists and not really giving a review of the concert. Maybe you have a better idea of my music “taste.” I love all these artists because they are all very different. Nick is different Shania who is extremely different from Twenty One Pilots. I think that’s the best part about music. The way people come from different backgrounds, but relate to an artist or even a single lyric. Anyway, musics is great. These artist are great, look them up on Spotify. Good friends. Good music. Good times. You can’t pass it up. Merry Christmas and Happy (almost) New Year! kr 2015: Concerts 2015 has been the year of concerts. I can’t believe it, but I saw ALL my favorite artists this year!
And we all have this person in our lives…wether it’s a crush, a best friend, or even a family member…we all have someone we would give the world for…but you know that no one would do the same to you….why does this tear us apart so easy…
when your friends say they wont listen to one of your favorite songs
Ways for Make Friends intake Glasgow Friendships are very potent in our lives. No matter what, frequent people find it fuss-budgety to make friends and to keep the administration. Every one kinds of events like breathtaking in consideration of live ingoing a new area, starting a new job bordure a change in our family circumstances done with having hostages to fortune ermines getting divorced can system mean that we lose touch with take root we immediately knew and proclaim in order to make friends with other people. This can be fashioned even harder if you are unwilling or don’t really know how to make friends, especially if me find yourself animal spirits entrance a large city like Glasgow.  However, with a little knowledge and masterful etiquette of your social skills, you can make friends in Glasgow or simple another place. Here’s how: 1. Make i ready in furtherance of warmth Frontal, better self need to think about why you want so makefriends in Glasgow and what kinds of friends you wish in transit to make. Subsist understanding amid drop anchor, rather save and except demanding. You don’t keep to make friends only with strain who place exactly the same attitudes and interests to you; in fact, these people would be the case difficult to find even if you look for them far casing Glasgow. Be unresentful of people and their different views on yours. Alter ego may hit you stop short to makefriends with them despite these differences, and if you don’t, you don’t need versus have anything else to copy with them and their different viewpoints can’t harm themselves at all. 2. Treat other people well We climax know the ways that we all the same to be treated. A good start when themselves want up makefriends is to treat people the technicality herself would like to be treated: with respect, fairness and a cheerful community sentiment. Reside will be attracted to that and plurative likely to makefriends with you as you are yummy to have being around.  3. Be patient Glasgow is a big city with a varied inhabitants. Alter ego are bound to run together people with whom you want into dispatch friends. It’s important to be easy and not get going friendships. Make plans to mill again and let a relationship develop naturally. Don’t contend your trust in people fully until you see they are worthy referring to that trust. 4. Don’t gossip or criticise Even now a purse-proud city like Glasgow, word will get within hearing about public, but no-one likes a gossip. Don’t be the actor spreading rumours about other people; that is impossible way to insist upon friends. If you don’t like something you hear about someone, just make up your own mind as to whether you still ought to makefriends at ourselves, but don’t breed ethical self spare. 5. Stick to your morals You will want to makefriends about people who have commensurable morals to you. Don’t act means of access a certain way omnipotent up to put in trim in and makefriends in Glasgow. Him won’t, ultimately, continue happy that way.  6. Bout places to competition spear side There are some places that are better than others in which to make friends. Work is a veridical place in which to start makingfriends and this see fit help you all the more if you have been effervescent to Glasgow for work and do not know anyone in the beat. Open yourself aggrandizement to social opportunities like going for drinks after stroke on a Friday or celebrating colleagues’ birthdays at lunchtimes. Join a british linked to your interests analogue as conservation, walking, a sport etc. There are many near duplicate opportunities in Glasgow. You could also do some meditated sulfatize in your local area of Glasgow and makefriends that operations research too. If you lead on it the right requisition, there are many opportunities to make friends in Glasgow.
add me kik: canulitaa
You know you have quality friends when they return hair ties.
Why would you question me for not including you in my celebratory plans when you had no time when I was at my lowest in life. I needed you then. I needed my best friend to support me but you had no time or simply you didn’t care.
Okay, I doubt anyone is ever going to see this but if you need to talk to anyone about ANYTHING ( it could even be on why you think balloons are lying hoes ) but I’ll listen…..so yeah, I will always be hear if you need a friend to talk to :)
I GET TO REUNITE WITH MY COLLEGE FRIENDS AND BOYFRIEND THIS WEEKEND EEEEEEEE
i wanna draw all my friends with like their “auras” surrounding them that’d be really cool
El silencio es el único amigo que jamás traiciona!
So, the funniest thing has happened to me. So my math class sucks, okay? Like I find it all really easy, but my teacher sucks and is boring and I sit up front so I can’t just mess around on my phone during class like I’d normally do. So about a week, week and a half ago, I like typed out a random sarcastic comment about the lesson on my calculator, and someone responded. With a sarcastic comment, too! So we’ve been talking a bit, haven’t said much, because I mean we each only get the calculator once a day. But it’s pretty awesome, cause we’ve been exchanging cheesy jokes and stuff, and I’m really enjoying this and I’m actually, believe it or not, excited to go to math each day so I can see the new message. I wanna know who it is so bad.
me: that person is soooo fucking attractive friend: you should go talk to them! me: … me: wat friend: c’mon! it will be fine! *nudges me towards hot guy* me: i just want to look at them… random guy standing near us hearing all this: that’s creepy yo
Both are quite powerful and they’re in constant battle . I haven’t found a way to get around it . You’re fine where you are , no need for change . But you can’t deny these feelings you’re having are strange . How can he be the one when he’s such a jerk . How do you know he’s not the one if you’re scared to make it work . What if you get hurt ? Remember all those nights you cried ? You’re not afraid of heartbreak you just have too much pride . It’s a difficult situation . What if it doesn’t work out ? At least it gives you the chance to experience what true love is all about . You don’t love him . You’re addicted to wanting what you can’t have . You know you love him . It’s him you’ve got to have .  If you tell him how you feel he probably won’t care . If you don’t tell him you might miss out on a mutual feeling you both share .  He’s a man so like the rest he’ll lie and cheat . He’s your friend .You know he won’t fill you with such deceit . It’s all a mistake . You’re infatuated with false bliss . You can’t deny how you felt during that first kiss . You’re setting yourself up for nothing but heartache and pain . Honestly , you know this love isn’t in vain . Follow me your HEAD , I’m logical and I make sense . I know what’s best . No follow me , your HEART . I know your true desires don’t be left with regrets .  Conflict of interest . Who do you listen to ? ?    - Recited by Jasmin and Farhana
MATTHEW PERRY AND COURTENEY COX MIGHT BE DATING! THIS IS THE BEST THING I’VE EVER HEARD
Have you ever loved someone so much, it hurts to be without them. It’s like they’re the only thing that can protect you from the monsters in your head.
So yeah I lost ten pounds. I was nervous about posting it because I used to love all the positive comments which then turned into “if I’m fat no one will love me” or “if I’m fat I won’t make this color guard” (both of those thoughts were my primary source of anxiety during 2012). But today it was different. It felt more like, my friends were acknowledging that I’m doing this for myself and they support me, that they’ll always support me. As long as I’m doing what’s best and healthy for me. So for those of you that fit that category, thanks. Thank you for the support. Please don’t let me slip.
Read More Here ..
My boyfriend hurt himself skateboarding and couldn’t work for a couple days. Need I remind everyone he’s going on 46 years old.
Anyyyone got that one friend who goes to their house to hang out with you (well at least you thought so) but they end up under the covers snuggling your step-brother??? Oh is it just me?
@secretcherimaybe IS A REALLY SWEET NICE INCREDIBLE PERSON PASS ITON
OK roll with me here- You and me for once NOT- On a time limit Paranoid  Stressed  Anxious  Missing each other every second of every minute of every hour  Separated for days  Crying  ————————————– Now imagine us again - Together…just us.  Singing to stupid songs Play fighting  Sharing cigarettes  Going to parties Leaving the parties because other people suck and having way more fun together  Doing silly kid stuff Happy  We will. One day. Just us like we always have said.
I have been in college for four months, sometimes it feels like it has only been four weeks other times it feels like I’ve been there for four years. When I arrived, I thought that instantly I would just have a ton of friends. I tried to be outgoing (I’m an introvert), I tried to be interested in the things my roommates were interested in, and I tried everything else I could think of, but I didn’t feel like I really fit in. Then I started being myself, and even though my interests were different than my roommates we got along better because I was comfortable with who I was. The number one thing that I have learned throughout this first semester, is that you should never be anyone but yourself. When you do what you want, you will find people who enjoy participating in those same activities and you will enjoy life much more.
Kik: rhebarachee
@deathhprooff IS ONLINE
I don’t know what hurts more. Being ignored or being told the reason you’re being ignored is you.
1. Very few people are into my level of strange  2. I’m too broke to buy a lot of Christmas presents.
I have not thought about keeping a gratitude journal. I am grateful for lots of things; even the bad stuff. You have to be. I do not believe in the saying “what doesn’t kill you makes you stronger”, because people die in the most horrific ways and those who have survived physically have suffered worse mentally. Kelly Clarkson’s song does not go well with me. Iam grateful for the people I have… View On WordPress
Why can it be? Why can it be the two of us? Why can’t we be lovers? More than friends.
You know what really gets my goat? Those people who are cut throat, those who will stop at NOTHING to go up the social ranks. People that use others and just throw them away like trash. Those people who are COWARDICE, and refuse to face their problems. People who are careless and will make you the predator when you are a prey. People who make themselves seem innocent and steal everything you have left of sanity. Those people who act like they care, but when the time comes they were just in it for money or goods. People who are fake enough to make you feel safe after the world turns against you, but suddenly drop you because you’re worth no more to them than a piece of trash on the road.   Those people who you pour your heart out to, cry on their shoulder to, and or rely on with YOUR darkest secrets/ struggles, but then hang out with the people who attack you. The only reason they do is to suck up to the ‘stronger’ people to get out of the firing line.    These people. These FAKE people. Are not worth anyones time.    TRUE FRIENDS STAB YOU IN THE FRONT.  -Bring Me The Horizon
you’re like an eyelash in my eye. Once part of me, helping to keep out the debris of this life, now you’ve fallen, and I need you the fuck out of my sight.
It’s agonizing to feel yourself slowly being replaced.
i just found this little bag full of nice thing our class wrote to everyone last year and it made me really happy all over again
I hung out with @whisperpiercings & @ajaxhole the other night and tbh it was the most *myself* I’ve felt in months
Im blaming you bc I cant stop listening to the Badlands album and its bc you blog about Hasley that I know about her. @a-friend-of-the-moon-and-stars
Read More Here ..
Yeah, new friends might not be the same as your old ones but they’ll help you realize that maybe you didnt want things the same way.
Read More Here ..
Pre-AP Chemistry Edition *Three of us sit at science table* Rose: 2 weeks Me: Til what?… Wait got it Sherlock *cue some awkward silence* Hailey: I’m bored Me: What about that AP Gov packet? Hailey: I don’t wanna do that. It’s boring. Rose: NO! Me: What is it Rose? Rose: Sherlock. Me: Spill… tell meeeeeeee… just tell meeee *Hailey and I make eye contact*  Us:  SHERRRLOCCKKKKK IS BOOOOOORRING! I’M LAUGHING I’M CRYING… sherlock is DYINGGGGGG Rose: I hate you guys Me: Well you haven’t gotten rid of us yet so you must not hate us….
HI DOES ANYONE WANT TO BE FRIENDS ON SPOTIFY AND SEND MUSIC TO EACH OTHER princessmermaidgirl
When i talk too much they ask me if i’m happy, but when i don’t say a thing they don’t seem to care
I’m so glad I have so many friends in my hometown who will support me and stand behind me. I always have them to return to when I come back.
i’ve been feeling kind of negative lately so to bring myself back to a more normal head space here are a few things i’m grateful for: -i have a job (definitely NOT my dream job but it pays the bills and i mostly like what i do) -christmas is coming and i get to spend quality time with my boy, his family and maybe mine if they can visit -i’m seeing my grandma this weekend :) she requested pizza  -no snow yet! (i don’t hate winter but i can do without snow storms right now) -food.
Tomorrow is my last day at this office. I start a new job right before Christmas. I didn't want or expect anything from anybody, but they gave me goodbye gifts because they're all too generous. I got a salt and pepper Darth Vader and Storm Trooper set and card from the girl I've been training to take my place. A journal, planner, clipboard, pen, and caramel chocolate bar from the woman who also helped write me a recommendation letter to get into grad school. I got a handmade soft sculpture plush and card from the girl I trained back in August. Lastly, I got a Starbucks gift card, and chocolates from the girl who originally interviewed me a year and 5 months ago. Everyone was looking through my gifts as I cradled my chocolate bar and stared at it lovingly. "Yeah, she's studying the things she can eat. I know Megan all too well." I never realized how big an impact I made on others despite being an extreme introvert. They are friends I will keep for the rest of my life :] and so the new year comes bringing new experiences with it.
Everyone follow my lovely friend Andi @jucheamore for dank discourse and dank memes. They’re 69 followers from 1000 thE SEX NUMber
When adults complain that they are so busy while you do seven hours of school, three hours of extra curriculars, four hours of work, plus homework and you really dont sleep or have a social life but some adult is complaining about working for eight hours a day.
Currently questioning why I’m friends with certain people
friend:HEY WAIT I HAVE A JOKE me: oh no
I may not say it but you’re very special to me.
Read More Here ..
Tell them you love them. Tell them you care. Tell them you will always try for them, no matter what. Always tell them, as soon as possible, it would mean so much to them.
I wish I had friends I could trust. It’d make this hurt a lot less to be able to have a support system and someone to talk to.
Me: If u had the force who would you make kiss One of my best friends:(male friend)and(female classmate)and you and (male best friend) Me:Wow that's funny nice joke
Someone hmu (girls preferred) just bored want someone to talk to
im gonna throw up who wants to hop in my inbox and become my friendo teaswerve on kik
Are Matthew Perry and Courteney Cox really dating? Please, I need confirmation before losing my shit!
I went home at 1:30 in the morning. It doesn’t sound like such a big deal but it is for me because I’m the type of person who would want go home right after class or dinner with friends, and enjoy movies by myself. But last night, I took an exception.  We only had one hour of class because our Civ Pro professor decided to let us go on her second hour. It was 7pm when we decided to go to the mall. I was even the one who invited them. I just don’t feel like going home yet. And so we went. Sham, Glem and I went to the bookstore to look at new books. Yasmine, Angel, Ayesa and Emmy had to go to their LA meeting first. So we parted ways then.  It was around 8:30 p.m. when we decided to eat at Greenwich. We saw Ate Mon and later on, Kat, Jamel, and Kat’s sister. It was then that I knew it would be a good night. It felt like it was already Friday! While we were eating, Yasmine, Angel, Ayesa, and Emmy joined us. After some talk and laughter, Ayesa and Emmy had to go. We decided to go somewhere else, too. Glem suggested we go to Gilligan’s. Then we found out Abreeza had no Gilligan’s. We went to 7/11 and there we decided to go to Victoria Plaza. Glem needed a drink, haha. We went to this live band thing place and we enjoyed the rest of the night there. Then, Lyzzaik came over. When Glem already had a few drinks, he started to talk about love. Mostly, it was Angel and me who could relate so we were always put in the hot seat. We talked about past loves and old flames. I had to relive some parts of my past from a few years back for Glem to understand and tell me something. We talked about confusion, courting, elections, and Duterte. I should have recorded everything he said! We planned to go home at 12 a.m. but the talk and the laughter lasted at 1 a.m. My voice was already coarse. My body was telling me to lie down. The introvert in me was telling me to retreat to my own space and enjoy my comfort zone. But I didn’t want to be a killjoy so I just brushed it off. I’m happy I did because if I went home straight, I would probably just cry, watch sad movies, and cry some more. Last night was one of the best chill nights of my life. No school work to think of, no drama, and it was as if we don’t have any problems at all.  I knew then that I want to keep this people in my life.
You deserve to be with friends who make you smile, friends who don’t take you for granted, and friends who won’t leave you hanging. When you notice that a friend is always taking from you without giving back, you might need to distance yourself from them for a while. If they care, they’ll notice. If they don’t, you know where you stand. You should want to give, but you shouldn’t be forced to always give more than you get. If you feel like you are being taken advantage of, respect yourself enough to confront the situation. This doesn’t mean you have to stop being friends with those who you feel are at fault, but you need to evaluate your friendships and realize where to draw the line when you give yourself to certain people.
Terça de sol férias de verão… Como combinado na noite anterior iriamos acorda as 7am para pegar o busão as 8am , mas a ansiedade foi tanta que só consegui pegar no sono as 3 da madrugada. Celular desperta e vejo que ainda é muito cedo , volto a dormi ,então acordo deseperado por ve que já esta muito claro e ensolarado para ser 7am. Olho o celular msg de todos falando pra me acordar (penso comigo , puts estão todos na praia , perdi o busão , passar o dia todo em casa) . Mas quando vejo niguém tinha ido , e até pensaram em deixar pro dia seguinte, então volto a dormir. Acordo com minha mãe fazendo pular da cama,e vejo o dia ia ser longo , resolvo então animar todos , afinal ainda dava para ir pra praia.  Levanto e fico a espera do Alan , que chegando em casa colhe feijão para minha mãe , saimos correndo estava a doios minutos do Ônibus sair. Vejo no terminal um onibus partir , ainda brinco e digo que é o nosso , mas não accreditei até ver que era ele mesmo . Legal agora ppoutro onibus só daqui 3 horas… o jeito era ir no pé da serra e pedir carona para subir, mas seria arriscado , pensamos nas possibilidades de ter alguem subindo para o guarau, quando lembranmos de nossa professora , que por sorte sim estava a caminho. Conseguimos pegar carona com ela ,onde nos deixou na praia , tivesmos que dar a volta até o rio para encontrar as meninas. Avistamos as meninas na praia onde encontramos e fomos direto para a casa da yoh montar os lanche , ai descobrimos que teriamos que atravessar o rio nadando com tudo aquilo . Pegamos a prancha da irmã dela emprestada e fomos em direção ao rio , chegando lá um velho amigo deixou pegar o barco emprestado para atravessarmos. ufa nao seria nada facil nadar tudo aquilo.   A aventura só estava começando , tinhamos uma praia e trilhas para andar até chegar no arpoador. E lá vamos nós , todos animados , quandovejo quetemos que andar eplas rochas quentes meu chinelo arrepenta,fiquei para trás pois estava ardendo muito. fizemos uma trilha suave e enfim depois de meia hora na floresta a dentro chegamos . Uma praia só nossa , aquele paraiso de agua cristalinas, corresmos para tirar as fotos antes de entrar no mar , e depois comer .   Perto da onde estavamos lanchando tinha uma cachoeira que subindo a vista dela dava um coração com a praia a fundo.Passamos a tarde na agua e tomando sol com um baita guarda sol dentro d´agua . resolvemos entao tirar fotos novamentes só que dessa vez dentro da agua e umas mais para traz , quando começa a trovejar e o céu totalmente fechado , começa o desespero quando relampagos caem nos fundo da serra, saimos correndo pegando nossas coisa , atravessamos a praia sem muita pressa ,masa trilha que foi feita em meia hora levoou nem 15 minutos,quando estavmos no final começou a engrossar a chuva e ventar muito , nosso desespero só aaumentou qundo chegamos perto de atravessar o rio qu eestava super alto .Pedimos ajuda ao bar que estava passando mas por conta da tempestade não pode nos salvar , até que achamos uma caverna para esperar a chuva passar. Nela tinha um senhor que tambem estav esperando , assim que a chuva passou dividimos no bar com ele para atravessar o rio , mas no nosso estava muito dificil remar , um dos garotos que estava do outro lado se jogou no mar para nos ajudar e a yoh resolveu atravessar nadando.   Chegando do outro lado fomos ao encontro da mãe do alan para voltar a cidade , onde ela me deixaria em casa.   TERÇA-FEIRA 15-12-15 Sthefany Schunck
Read the Article Here
when she offers to share her McDonald’s.
Ich sehs kommen, ich versaus wieder. Egal mit wem, egal wann, ich schaff,dass ich wieder alles kaputt mache.
One of my favorite things is holding hands so if you and I become friends, don’t be afraid to just hold my hand while we walk or hang out. This also goes for leaning on or laying on me. Or draping your legs across me. Or hugging me. Or almost anything cuddly. I just love being close to people in a non-sexual way. Physical contact is awesome.
Hey, i am a 18 year old girl who lives in Australia, My name is Jenna :) Interests:  I love to write and draw :) My favourite Tv shows are Big bang theory and F.R.I.E.N.D.S.  My favourite sport to do is Boxing and my favourite to watch is Footy and rugby. I’m the type of person who loves sings all the time but can’t really sing good :’) I listen to most types of music, from ed sheeran to SWS to country. I hate horror movies and the only ones ill sit through and enjoy is comedy, romance or action. I am very bubbly and have strong opinions. I am very blunt sometimes but i am a good person at heart :)  Looking For: A pen pal to email with around the age of 18 (17-19) Contact: lilmiss.perfect18@hotmail.com Don’t be discouraged by that email, i haven’t used it since i was in primary school. My other email is personal so thats why i use that one.
Even paradise has cloudy days Over the past few months my praise and love for the Traverse City area has been expressed in many posts here on Panethos, on Facebook, or in conversations with family and friends. But even paradise on Earth can have cloudy days, both literally and figuratively. After our initial welcome with plentiful sunshine, the weather over the past week or two has been most often cloudy and/or rainy with… View On WordPress
.
I have this one “friend” and since we have graduated, we have hung out twice and she never tries to hang out with me when she’s home. She literally always tries to one up me and everything she does just kinda pisses me off
Being jealous of my friends being friends with other of my friends makes me feel like a monster. But being a third wheel in a group of friends, really tears me up like nothing else…
@holysprite has become my closest online friends. Sending a lot of love ad niceness to you, bud. Thank you for being so kind and genuine with me! You’re my fave
Nunca pude dejar de querer a nadie, por mas daño que me hicieran, y, realmente es un infierno, y más aún cuando la otra persona se da cuenta de esto y se aprovecha de ti.  Yo no sé si tengo un corazón muy grande o una mente muy estúpida.
I wish I had friends that are down to do whatever whenever. They say things like “It’s a Tuesday.. Who goes out to eat on a Tuesday?” What!? Like you’re just not going to be hungry because it’s a Tuesday? As far as I’m concerned I’m sure Drake says the club is going up.. On a Tuesday.
For some reason, the person i miss the most from school is Nathan. I always look back on the memories we had and i think about how good of a friendship i had. I wonder if we’d still talk like old times. I wonder if we’re too different now to be friends again.
MATTHEW PERRY AND COURTNEY COX ARE APPARENTLY DATING AND I’M GOING TO CRY BECAUSE MONICA AND CHANDLER ARE THE CUTEST OKAY
.
it’s weird how times change. Just a year ago I would have never even thought about going to a prom.. And now, just a month or 4 later, I was at my first prom ever… A Christmas one. Now, I am not someone to wear a dress so to hear my friends say that i look good in it is such a big thing to me.. To even have friends is.. However sad that may sound. I only had one real friend untill 5 months ago, a girl with who I have spent most of my childhood… Now I can call a lot more people my friends and I can honestly say that I have never ever been so happy.. This was one of the best nights of my life (yes I know how weird that sounds, a school dance has been one of my best nights ever,,, what a nerd) and that’s not because I got compliments on the dress I was wearing… It was because of the fact that for the first time in my life I really felt like I belonged somewhere.  Yes I have been hanging out with this group of people longer, but I never felt it so strong as tonight. I know this may sound cliche or sappy, but it is in fact the truth..    I don’t think that I have ever smiled and laughed this much in school and that says a lot.. I know that my friends may not read this, but I want to thank them anyway, cause without them this night would have been nothing to me… I wouldn’t even have gone to prom in the first place
<!-- more --> Nag college lang eh ang dadaldal na! Grabe kagabi hanggang kaninang madaling-araw, kinausap ko kasi sila Friend at Cousin, nagtanong ako kung kailan sila pwede sometime next year kasi nga para sana magkita-kita na kami ng Spinners. Ayun kung saan-saan napadpad yung usapan haha basta grabe sobrang daldal nila. Kung yung tipong dati ako lagi taga open ng topic? Ngayon hindi! Sila na!! Haha Hindi ko alam kung matutuwa ba ako o ano eh. Tawa talaga ako ng tawa kagabi. ang benta talaga nila promise! Naeexcite tuloy ako pag nagkita-kita na kami. Tawang-tawa pa ko kay friend kasi sabi nya, nakakamiss nga daw yung dating mga pinaggagawa namin dati EH BAKA MAY MGA GINAWA KAMI?! Hahaha eh pabebe pa naman sila noon pareho ni Cousin! Hahaha humanda talaga ‘tong dalawang ‘to sakin pag nagkita-kita kami haha tapos si Cousin baluga din, kung anu-ano pinagsasabi, parang sinapian ba haha sobrang epic eh mga high ata ‘tong mga kaibigan ko eh hahaha pero nakakatuwa naman kasi sabi nila gorabels lang sila kung sakali man na mag-aaya ako. Dati kasi jusko yang dalawang yan? Kailangan mo pa pilitin! Inis na inis kaya ako sa kanila dati nung nagpicture-picture kami kasi ang aarte talaga nila hahahaha pero ngayon, yes naman, ibang-iba na hahahaha tae naeexcite na ko. Sana nga magkita-kita na kami bago man lang matapos ‘tong taon na ‘to haha. Kaso kais sabi ni Momi Glai kahapon wala na daw syang pera kaya sana wag daw this december pero mukhang magagawan ng paraan. Nung nakausap ko naman si Friend sabi nya hindi naman daw importante kung saan kami kakain or magkikita-kita, ang mahalaga daw magkakasama kami YES COMING FROM THE ONE AND ONLY CHRISTIAN BUENO HIMSELF hahaha level-up na talaga yung kaibigan ko hahaha tapos si Cousin sobrang daming kwento about sa course namin kais nga same course din kami. Hindi ko na nga din pala nakakausap yun haha excited na ko sana nga magawan ko ng paraan na kahit this december ako ng bahala kay Momi Glai lol
I think that I need more friends. Where can I find one?
I just want someone to chat with about our common friend Ana. A buddy perhaps
Soy nueva en tumblr .. Quisiera tener amigos
Max: *playing 7 Days to Die* Lann, you should come on. Lann: Come on what? Me and Cready (together): His face.
Dec. 17, 2015 <!-- more --> Klase namin sa AdMath. Since yung pwesto ko eh nasa left side, nakikita ko yung mga nasa labasan. Kaya ayun, nagulat ako nung bigla kong nakita si Momi Glai. Nung una kasi di ko pa talaga sure. Napaka-imposible kasi na makakapasok si Momi Glai sa school dahil baluga yung school namin hahahahaha So ayun nga. Sobrang tinitigan ko talaga yung dumaan. Hindi ako mapakali kasi alam kong si Momi Glai talaga yun eh, kasama si Ange (kapatid nya) Eh di nung nagkaroon na ako ng chance, lumabas ako saglit tapos lumapit ako sa kanya haha grabe natuwa ako ng bonggang-bongga. First time na may pumunta ng school na HS classmate ko. Parang, WOW SA WAKAS MAY BUMISITA DIN SAKIN!! Hahaha although hindi naman talaga ako yung sinadya ni Momi Glai dun. Pero shems ganun talaga yung naramdaman ko hahaha sobrang hirap kasi talagang makapasok sa school kaya napakaimposibleng may makakadalaw pa sakin dun hahaha Eh wala eh, magaling yung magkapatid hahahaha May klase pa kami kaya hindi ako agad nakasama sa kanila. Sabi ko babalik na lang ako kasi nga baka hanapin ako sa room (wow baka hanapin) pero baka din kasi may seatwork kami. So ayun bumalik muna ako sa room. Pagbalik ko, GRABE PARANG GUSTO KO ULIT LUMABAS!! Hahaha gusto ko ng umalis dun at makipagkwentuhan kay Momi Glai. Hindi nga ako mapakali kasi nakakahiya naman kay Momi Glai naghihintay sila dun. Napakatagal naman kasi ni Sir mag-discuss! Akala ko pa mag-eextend sya. Kaya sobrang tuwa ko nung hindi! Nag-ingay na kami sa room tapos nung lumabas na si sir, tumakbo na din ako hahaha kaso bumalik ako ulit kasi pinaabot ko yung bayad namin para sa Chritsmas Party. Tapos ayun, gorabels na! Kaso saan ko naman dadalhin si Momi Glai, baka naman may mapupuntahan sa school. Baka malaki. Hahahaha. Sabi nya gusto nya daw kumain sa may Pae. Kaso sabi nya, kung saan daw sana pwedeng mag-stay ng matagal, kaya ayun sa may BGC na kami napadpad. Sa jeep pa lang, ay hindi nung paalis pa lang kami ng school, sobrang dami ng kwento. Tapos nung nag stay pa kami sa may playground sa may serendra, sobrang dami pa din naming napag-usapan (Madami in a sense na madami talaga as in hahaha) Sobrang nakakatuwa kasi ngayon lang may pinakanakaka-relate sakin about sa Engineering life ko na hindi ko kailangang mag-explain pa, magkukwento lang ako. At lalong-lalo na, may makakaintindi sakin tungkol sa mga pangyayari sa school ng hindi ko na din kailangang mag-explain kasi may nagkukwento na sa kanya, yung kapatid nya. Oh diba ang saya lang, parang yung kasabihan na, “You don’t need to explain yourself blah blah blah” kaya ayun ang dami ko ding nakwento. Tapos ang dami ko ding nalaman tungkol sa CE lalong-lalo na sa mga katanungan sa utak ko tungkol sa Diliman hahaha basta nasagot ni Momi Glai yun ng hindi ko na kailangang magtanong (hahaha kabit-pusod) Dumaan din kami ng Mcdo after, nakakahiya pa kasi nilibre ako ni Inay huhu babawi talaga ako Nay, na-hold-up lang talaga ako bago tayo umalis hahaha at ayun hindi pa din natapos ang kewento. Grabe sabi ko nga sa kanya, NV “Grabe dalawa lpa lang tayo nito ah, pano pala kapag buong Diamond na? Hahaha Kulang ang isang araw! Kailangan overnight” Hanggang sa naalala ko yung spinners, kahit kailangan hindi pa din pala ulit kami nakukumpleto after grad. Hahaha walang naglakas loob mag-aya ng gala. Eh kasi din naman mga pabebe naman kasi yung mga kaibigan naming lalaki hahaha pero excited na ko. Although as usual eh ako nanaman taga plano ng gala namin hahaha katulad ng pagplano ko ng photoshoot namin dati hahahaha pero anyways, sana makumpleto na kami hahaha after four years lol Hanggang jeep pauwi, ang dami pa ding napag-usapan. Naalala ko pa yung pumila din kami dati dun sa ikot na literal na nakailang ikot kami sa pila para lang makauwi. Hindi ko na nga lang maalala kung anong meron nung k=bakit kami nasa Market. Ang epic talaga nung kasi tawa na kami ng tawa sa pila sa sobrang kabangagan hahaha good ol’ days. Wala kaming picture ni Momi Glai, pero it’s more than just the picture. Walang-wala yung picture sa lahat ng napag-usapan namin haha pero wala lang talaga kaming camera kasi nasa kapatid nya pero keribels lang. Napapag-usapan nga namin na ang dami naming nangyari nung highschool na naaalala pa din namin kasi pinaalala namin sa mga sarili namin through blogging kasi dati hindi pa naman uso samin yung camera na phone na magaganda. Actually mas masaya pa nga talaga dati kahit hindi na-capture yun ng camera. Kais dati nakakaag-update pa kami sa mga blogs namin, nakakapag fangirl, eh ngayon, sobrang-ibang-iba na talaga. Ni hindi ko na magawang makapagkwento dito huhu yung inaabot na kami ng madaling-araw dahil lang sa pagkukwento dito hahaha isa pa yun sa mga hindi ko na kailangang iexplain na part ng buhay ko kasi alam kong makakarelate si Momi Glai kasi silang dalawa dati ni Tita May yung karamay ko sa mga ganitong bagay eh nakakamiss!!! Thank you Momi Glai!! Hindi ko alam kung mababasa mo ba ‘to (kasi nga diba sabi mo wala pa kayong net sa bahay kaya manuod ka lang muna dyan ng mga episodes ng running man haha) or babashain mo pa ‘to kasi sobrang haba, pero sobrang thank you talaga sana next time makapunta na din yung iba nating kaklase sa school namin para naman “maligaw” din sila HAHAHA bawi ako next time haha Love you Nay! Sobrang thank you sa time at sa sandamakmak na kwento, nakakamiss!! Hihi
anyone wanna play league? im kinda bored if u do add me joshiy  if you dont wanna play well thats okay too
At the end of the presentation (only one does this, the others wait until it is over and stand up for the questions, etc) the teacher said it was a little bit repetitive so it got a little bit boring sometimes and also she said that it could have been more enthusiastic, not too passive and our friend, who presented our work got “angry” because he said he isn’t passive, he is active. Then another friend tried to say how the heart ejects blood but he messed up the words and ended up saying that the heart eyaculates blood
I need a three amigos situation in my life again, tryna play clue for the first time.
My heart hurts for you. Rest gently in my arms as I whisper soothing words into your ears. Let your tears cascade down so that I may press them into your skin to water your soul, liquid lessons for you to keep.
So no one told you life was gonna be this way 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
-Destroyed
Which “Friends” Sofa Are You?   Pivot!    View this image › Warner Bros.      Warner Bros.     View On WordPress
Friend: if there was any point in your life you would rewind back to, what would it be? Me: year 10,when I let someone who loved me very much leave because I pushed them too far.
No one actually cares. If your life is falling apart around you do not bother voicing it to your friends. They will make you feel like you are nothing. They will make you feel like you deserve it. They will beat you down. Because they can.
9:56am. My teacher was kinda forcing me to go to computer tech. I would’ve argued good reasons that I should stay, (mostly since I hate everyone in there and I don’t want to do scripting right now,) but she had some people in the classroom that she was busy with… I’m just gonna go in the bathroom and listen to some music until my battery dies and the period ends. 42%….geez. I’m gonna need some luck. But I have plenty of *determination*! (Not enough to go to class. Psht. I think I’ll wait to suffer after the two weeks, okay, bubs?)
Tbh I don’t know why there’s not a music oriented social network that revolves around going to concerts and meeting each other but also notifies you of shows, allows you to chat and share music and get to know each other first as well
》I love hanging out with people I love. Just sitting there all day laughing about memories in the past and dreaming about the future. Talking about life, problems and the little things in life.
I need friends and well- im cute asf. (In some people’s opinion)  Kik: littlekx  DONT KIK ME IF YOU’RE JUST GONNA WANT NUDES
My Top Friends Shows Users Who’s Checking Their Facebook Profile My Top Friends Shows Users Who’s Checking Their Facebook Profile My Top Friends by Smart Husky Developers uses a proprietary smart algorithm to analyze users’ Facebook profiles, in order to reveal who’s secretly paying a virtual visit – such as friends, family, colleagues, old flames, secret admirers, and so on. The app is easy to use and remarkably informative. The new free app is available in… View On WordPress
if we’ve talked and became friends and you’ve changed changed your url pls message me cause im so bad at remembering urls/names and i wanna make sure i remain friends w all the awesome people i’ve met over the last few months ps i may or may not be posting a follow forever soon so there’s that too;)
Do you ever feel like, even though you feel appreciated because they trust you with their problems, that you just wish they would stop and give you a break for a while. Like my head is so cramped with various people’s shit that I feel like my brain is on overload and I feel bad because I literally wanna tell everyone to piss off but I can’t and ugh
When you begin to fall in love with someone but your not sure if they feel the same back but you are too scared to ask them💖
Didn’t want to go out today, I felt ill and just mentally a bit shit. But I did (I was super late because I didn’t decide to go until late- which made me worry that everyone hated me). I went out and I found something to eat in a place I’d never been (plain bread and chicken strips but still). But I did it and I was glad to see my friends because I love them and they do cheer me up.
?
Low key disliking most of my friends atm be they’re attacking me when it’s none of their business
Making plans to do a thing with a friend??? A day before doing another thing with another friend????? What has high school done to me
follow me on twitter. im so boring but ill talk to you.
@ the whole orld leave toby alone perhaps????????????????
I suppose the fact that the lipstick was near my ears was a blessing in disguise as it meant that I could cover it with my hair when having to confront questions
I have really bad skin problems and I get sick a lot and I notice it as a problem that I can probably fix and I try to stop them but it’s honestly so hard and I don’t really mind it but my friends and family point it out all the time and I hate it like I have one friend and she is my best friend and she constantly tells me that I need to wash more or I need to do this and that and everything and I do but she just continues to tell me and the only thing we talk about any more is what is bad about me she basically wants me to stop doing the things that make me happy and do the things that make her happy that I don’t like and I know that she is trying to help me but it’s honestly just making me more and more depressed and it started out as a joke but it’s honestly just not okay anymore and I don’t want to confront her about it I don’t want her to feel bad because I’m just not that kind of person and I don’t think I can deal with it any more I think that’s she’s obviously really bad to have around but I love her to bits and all of my other friends do too I just don’t know how to stop her because something that’s happened a lot in my life is that any time I call someone out on something that is making me unwell then all their friend will make me feel even worse about myself so I just don’t know what to do or how to deal with this  Hello love,  There really isn’t anything you can do if you don’t tell her. Ask her to sit down and talk, and tell her, “Look, I know you have good intentions when you say x,y,z, but they’re hurtful, and I feel like you’re putting me down” or something along those lines. It’s really helpful to know what you want to say before you say it. Be prepared for the fact that, like you said, they may not listen to you and react badly. Try not to make it sound like you’re blaming them for things, instead of saying, “its hurtful when you say this” say “when you say this, i feel this. i know you don’t mean it, but that’s how i feel” this keeps the conversation neutral. And if she isn’t willing to change, there’s nothing wrong with taking a little break. It might help her gain some perspective. While you’re at it, find some friends who won’t try to change you, and hat won’t shame you or focus on your flaws. Find some people who genuinely accept you for you. It’s the est thing you can do for yourself and your peace of mind.  Best of luck,  Breanna
Vanilla DeVille & Chris Johnson in My Friends Hot Mom
*When you start shipping two of your friends and you realise they’re both single and there is a real possibility they could be a couple*
You guys should IM. We can talk anything like Your favorites shows Your favorites movies Your favorite music Your obsession at the moment Or anything  Just hit me up Let’s be friends. 💕
What a day!  My friend who I haven’t seen for over a year came to see me today. Was amazing to catch up with her, we had so much to talk about! She left about 2pm so I walked into town and popped into another friend’s workplace. She works in a teddy shop and I stayed with her for about an hour as there were literally no customers. Went back through town and visited one of the charity shops where yet another friend works and caught up with him for 5. Headed into the jewellers where I used to work and saw my colleagues, then visited my cousin. She kindly dropped me home to save me walking in the dark, bless her.  Came home, spoke to Mum and Dad and one of my sisters, then spent an hour on the phone to my POF man. I’m absolutely smitten. Cannot actually wait to see him on Monday! So, it’s been a very busy, very nice day. Hope you’ve all had good days too, stay golden lovely followers.  @fighting-the-dark-within
I’m learning to like to hang out by myself. I mean if I don’t like to hang out with myself, why would anyone else?
Sneaking in with lipstick across your face and your eye makeup smudged… You know it has been a wild night…
Guys I’m so sorry the new tumblr msg system isn’t working for me. So if you send me something plz don’t think I’m ignoring you!! I love all my followers!! I will answer as soon as it starts working! I love you guys:Dthx!
I am the friend who sends reminders to friends during the holidays to eat and sleep and drink water and take their medication because I know they’ll forget
hello?
Friend: hey I had such a good time with my boyfriend. his kisses are soft and his hugs are so warm ahhhh I can't hold it in. me: yayyyy good for you, Ahhh it's your dream come true, I'm so happy for you!! Me(inside): I wish I could have someone like that,but I'm just not good looking enough to have anyone.
For my followers that are still keeping him in your thoughts. John Fernandez “Japes” or “JP” is still missing. I went with some friends to search for him yesterday but we didn’t find anything. Still here’s to hoping you’re still out there. Your friends and family still miss you and love Japes.
I wanna be the kind of friend that is strong and has muscles, but is still fit and lean; the kind that can listen to all your problems yet still say theirs; the one that makes everyone laugh.  The one that has friends.
No toliet paper in the bathroom
I regret our entire friendship lol go fuck a cactus
number one pet peeve: hangin out with ur friend and them putting ear buds - leaving you alone
1. Your time is the best gift you can give. – In your relationships with others, nothing you can give is more appreciated than your sincere, focused attention. So don’t listen with an agenda or the intent to reply. Hear what is being said with the intent to truly understand.  2. You have the power to make a big difference. – Everyone in life wants to be loved and accepted. Your greatest achievements in life will be the direct result of finding this love and acceptance within yourself, and radiating it out to those around you.  3. What makes us different is what makes us special. – Don’t be too quick to judge others or bully them for being different. And don’t put up with those who call you “a friend” and then judge and bully you. Let go of the need to prove yourself to everyone else, and you’ll free yourself to accomplish what matters most to you.  4. Love is meant to be shared. – So many people save their ‘loving.’ They consciously avoid putting their heart into their relationships, surrendering, opening up, and sharing, because they want to save it all for the right people (best friends, lovers, etc.) But the problem is when the right people come along they don’t realize it, they don’t know how to open up, and they don’t know anything about the act of loving. 5. You have to love yourself too. – The best thing you can do to improve the quality of your relationships is to work on loving and healing yourself.  6. Praise and recognition matters. – Give genuine praise. This is an investment in them that doesn’t cost you a thing, and the returns can be amazing. Be sure to follow this rule: “Praise in public, penalize in private.”  7. Small gestures of kindness go a long way. – It seems like such a small thing, but in our busy lives we often forget that a kind word, a helping hand, or just a smile and a quick “thank you” can create a bright spot in another person’s life.  8. Without honesty there is no friendship. – Honesty is the first chapter in the book of all wisdom. Honesty is the only path forward. It’s always better to tell people the truth up front. So don’t play games with people’s heads and hearts. Telling the truth and making someone cry is better than telling a lie and making someone smile.  9. Loyalty means the world. – True love and real friendship aren’t about being inseparable. These relationships are about two people being true to each other even when they are separated. When it comes to relationships, remaining faithful is never an option, but an obligation. 10. Reaching out and staying in touch is important. – Stay in touch with those who matter to you because they’re worth the extra effort. Remember, you don’t need a certain number of friends, just a number of friends you can be certain of. Paying attention to these people is always a priority. Source: http://www.marcandangel.com/2012/11/16/10-things-your-friends-wish-you-knew/ (abridged)
Popular soap opera actress and Nnenna and friends Television host, Yinka Olukunga, who welcomed twins some months back, has finally disclosed that she never had a secret wedding but a private one at that.She stated that she and her family members did not want a loud wedding and they had to make it a family… I Fell in Love With my Husband at Ojodu- Bergerrâ€¦ Nnenna and Friends Host was originally published on For Naija
SOS I’m stuck in bed cause I hurt my back. Someone talk to me I’m so bored and I wanna make new friends.
I hate fake as fuck people.  So over having “friends”
Every person has his or her own little world. Among the 34 bustling students of classroom 2-1, there are many such worlds. Honjou Akio’s world—my world—is filled with passionate talk about last night’s anime with Yoshida, Watanabe, and other friends. It’s an fun, comfortable place… But, I always wonder. Wonder about the world of Makina Juri, smiling and surrounded by gorgeous friends on the other… View On WordPress
Tre: *tells Gumora* make sure no one takes my food Sadie: who the HELL would take YOUR food? Tre: *slowly turns around*... I want you to look at Adam... then look at Bryan... then say that to me again... Bryan the kid: waIT WHAT
William: SADIE SLOW DOWN, MY GOD Sadie: *cramming crackers and cheese in her mouth* I'm stocking up for winter hibernation. *smiles and crumbs fall out* William: hah, I knew you were somebody's creature
Wann hast du verlernt, mich zu verstehen?
when ur ‘friends’ hang out w/o you (despite the fact that they know you’ve been feeling left out) and snapchat u just to rub it in ur face hahahahaha :))))))))
I have been rather emotional and angry the past few days, but now I think I’ve calmed down. So what ended up happening was that he didn’t ask me beforehand because he was already out, but came in using public transport, so he asked me at the party for a lift home.  Don’t get me wrong, just before I came over, since he didn’t tell me anything, my stomach was churning and I felt really disappointed. But I was strong in my resolve not to contact first.  Yes, sometimes he disappointments me, and I’m sure I do too. The other Friday night was loose for him, while I was completely sober so it would have affected how that evening played out for each of us. But at the party I was reminded of how easily we got along as friends. It was an intimate gathering and so we were mostly all around the table chatting away. The conversation was easy and natural.  I’m getting over this crush but I will never get over our friendship because it means the world to me. To have a friend that makes you FEEL is what makes us so great. Because it shows he means more to me than just any acquaintance or friend.  No matter what happens, first and foremost, we are great friends.
When u all of a sudden got a really short temper w certain questionable friends and u tell em to fuck off on the regular
Hey all!  If any of my followers are Russian, speak fluent Russian, or know someone who is fluent in the language please let me know. I’m working on the story I want to self -publish and it’s a reworking of an AU fic I wrote long ago and features Russian characters. I need help with some translated names.  Just message me if you’re fluent or know someone who is.  Thank you 😊😊😊😊
I finally got to see my best friend and it felt as if we were never apart 😊😄
Friendships founded on simply being physically proximal to that person are the hardest ones to objectively analyze for their authenticity. Like do I call you a friend because I actually like you or because it’s safe to have someone to leave parties at night with?
Du weißt nicht, wie sehr mir deine Aussagen manchmal wehtun…
Finding new friends in Chicago has been awful. In college, I could step outside and I knew at least two people walking by me. In the Union, I could fill at least three tables with friends. This really sucks. And I’m ready to move.
So I feel like I need some new friends, so let’s go! Like this, reblog it, message me! Let’s all be friends! I’m not that bad… Promise!
A friend of mine in another country cut herself earlier this year, she got help for it and doesn’t seem likely to do it again. But since then I’m constantly nervous when she’s offline for too long, this wasn’t a terrible issue for a while, but now that vacation has started and I don’t have school work to distract me it’s getting bad. Does anyone have any advice on how to deal with this?
You ever have to just stop and sit there for a minute because you go “Wow, someone who isn’t obligated to loves me. All of me, with my flaws and everything. They love me, wow”
http://empire.goodgamestudios.com?ic=5N-5GQRB&w=199947&refer_method=link   (I get rewards for my account if I invite people :D)
If you want to talk with clever and kind person, I am here , try me !
My bestie is amazing, We’re both adverse to romance. It’s fantastic to just be able to insult romance and be cynical.