I was in in the cast of my school musical this year and last night was our last performance. The cast welcomed me and included me right away and they feel like a family to me now. When I'm with this group of kids, I just feel so much love in my heart and I feel so happy to be alive and to be where I am with the people I'm with. Being with the seniors whom I love so much reminds me not to take anything for granted and to enjoy every last minute of high school because this is one of the best times in my life, and it's the only chance I'm gonna get to live it. I started crying multiple times today after the show had ended, just because I was so happy and because I'm gonna miss this cast so much. I love these kids. And I feel so lucky to have been a part of this show and gotten to work with this wonderful group of people. I'm loving high school and my life is perfect. I am grateful for so much and for so many people and I am healthy, happy, and blessed every day with wonderful opportunities.  !     " 
Today, I woke up and smiled.   :)     ' 
Today, I walked for the first time in three months on my new prosthetic leg. MLIN.     ' 
Today my friend asked the guy I liked who he thinks is pretty.  He listed some girls\' names, but he didn\'t say mine.  My friend asked him why he doesn\'t think I\'m pretty.  His reply?  "Because I think she\'s beautiful."        ' 
To day the bully at school voluntarily apologized to everybody!  !      ' 
Today, I told my abuser to never contact me again.     ' 
I finally worked up the courage to ask the girl at the flower shop out. She said yes. We had a great night, going to eat, seeing a movie, getting to know one another. The next day I went to her house to hang out for a while we ended up waking up on her couch in each other's arms.       " 
Today, I woke up, and I was alive.       ' 
Today I passed my hardest exam !!!   be happy for me     ' 
today my crush of several months asked me out. he also liked me several months. Yay!       ' 
My sister posted about a benefit we are having for my mom on her quilting Blog and it brought in a handful of  donations.   The "Elvis" of the quilting world saw her post and reposted it on her wall and within 24  hrs we raised almost $1,000!!        ' 
Recently, I broke out of a two and a half year abusive relationship. He contacted me, trying to get back into my life. Today, I told him to never contact me again.  .     ' 
Today, I think I might have passed my organic chemistry exam. Maybe. The important thing was that when I was crying into my textbook at 2 AM, overwhelmed with stress, my roommate hugged me and helped me keep going. She's an angel if I ever saw one, and I don't know what I'd do without her.  .     " 
I got my results from a colonoscopy back. I'm only nineteen, and I have Crohn's disease, but I finally know why I'm in so much pain, and I can finally start feeling better.  .     " 
I survived a recent suicide attempt, and am alive and breathing today.  .     ' 
I've been really depressed lately and stressing over work. I've wished and prayed everyday that things will turn out ok. Tonight, a beautiful meteor shower passed right by my window. I've never seen one before - I know its a sign :)       " 
I am extremely happy. (: The reason, I have no clue! Awesome!!        ' 
I chatted with my friends after a long time and also had some great pizza :)       ' 
I'm now in a relationship with the person I've been in love with for the best part of 2 years. It's been a long time coming, but we got here, and we're staying here.       " 
Today I was told my crush really likes me.. (:       ' 
Today, the cute guy in my class who jokingly takes the mick out of everyone went out of his way to cheer me up, even though we barely speak.       ' 
Today, I was \xa250 short of the bus fare today, and a stranger gave me enough change to get to school.       ' 
Today, I decided to go for a walk. When I got back I felt great.       ' 
just a few minutes ago i received a call saying my mum recovered from breast cancer and was going to get better. before that, my friends called and asked my to join them in a trip to queensland. at first i said no, because i couldnt just leave my mum in the hospital alone, while i was having tbtml. but now, after im sure my mums alright and ready to live normally, i guess i can call them back :)     ' 
Last night I revisited my favorite childhood park. I was playing on the swings when a large white limo drove by. One of the back windows rolled down and a voice from inside yelled, "BEST SWINGS EVER!" then drove off. It made my day. Whoever you are, sir, you are the best.       ' 
last week my best friends mum found out she has 2nd degree breast cancer. Today she answered the  phone and it was a radio station  letting her know shed won a $15,000 trip to any tropical island she wants. not about me but made me so happy I could cry.     ' 
The guy I've liked for about 4 years moved down the street from me.  .     " 
A few days ago, I finally received my letter jacket after three years and eleven months of hard work.       ' 
My leg got run over by a car about two months ago, but instead of feeling sad that I won't be able to dance for a while, I'm happy that I will be able to dance someday.       " 
Today, I told a rude guy off!       ' 
Today, I spent some time with awesome people.       ' 
Today I was I won the local lottery I entered. MLIA     ' 
Today, I've read a whole lot of inspirational stories. They've made me realize that even though times in life can be hard, there is ALWAYS a bright side and you have to keep trying. I haven't seen my mom, little brother or my 2 year old sister for 8 months. I haven't seen my big brother for a year. I now know to keep my head up and it'll pay off. Its only 11:30 a.m. and I'm a 10 year old girl.   :D     " 
Today, I went on a first date.  Parting, I kissed her.  We then said goodbye and she turned to go and I swatted her on the butt.  She turned around and threw me the biggest smile-laugh.   !     ' 
Today, I went to an ice cream parlour, which just happened to be shutting down in a few days. They were giving out free ice cream.       ' 
Today, my dad was yelling at me for staying up past one last night playing video games. He is a hardcore christian and we were listening to the christian radio on my way to school and guess what! Today's homily was about how you should give freedoms to your children to let them become independant adults.  .      " 
Today i was at Hardee\'s and there was this little boy, he had Thor\'s hammer. So of course I say "Awwww look its Thor"! Then his mom walked by and said "He just got the hammer and really believes he\'s Thor.\' I said "That\'s fine I\'ll be Loki." So me and that boy played until his food came. Afterwards I explained to my mom the whole back story of both charters. She said she was proud I chose Loki because all he needs is more love. I don\'t know whose day was more made. The little 6 year old boy or me who is leaving for Nursing school in the fall. I think it was me.  .     ' 
Over the last four days, I rode a bus from Midland to Houston, roadtripped with two of my very best friends from Houston into Huntsville, and then flew back to Midland from Houston. I had the most amazing time with my friends and they are some of the best people in the world. I really love them.  .     ' 
I failed my surgical exam, but I am alive, and surrounded by people who love me. Always be thankful for what you have.  .     ' 
my friend and i are over i realized i dont need friends to be happy i have my beautiful family and im happy and i have GOD       ' 
Last month I went to my favorite singer's concert near me.  I had gotten the tickets a few months before and sobbed for twenty minutes when I discovered I could see him in concert.  Finally, I made it to his concert.  I cried for three hours straight with pure joy.  He noticed me and smiled at me and gave me his guitar pick while performing.  I also got the used setlist then got him to sign the setlist and my shirt.  The next day he tweeted about the girl at his concert the night before who was excessively crying and he said it was a great concert for him. MyLifeIsG     " 
Today, I went to an ice cream parlour, which just happened to be shutting down in a few days. They were giving out free ice cream. MLIA     ' 
I've never be so well! I am reading books, learning something new everyday! My body, my mind and my heart are great. I am loving, knowing people and the best I'm knowing better myself.  !      " 
Today I am at home, but I am feeling very happy! Because I'm having a great time in my life and I am getting to live every single moment as the last and i am gonna find more happiness because of my new spirit.     " 
Today, I am so lucky. I have been dating a man who knows every part of my shameful past, accepts me as I am, and even understands me for 2 years and 1 month. I have been blessed enough to be living with him for 1.5 years. Sometimes good things take time. I don't think I tell him enough just how perfect he is to me. I love you wick.       " 
I just found this website because of my life is average and I switched to my life is g because it is. The reason   is cause God blesses me everyday.     ' 
Today, I fell asleep in the love of my life's arms. He inhaled me, and said he'd never been so happy in his life.       " 
This summer kinda sucked with this stupid research program wasting so much time.. But shit i basically got paid $5k for little work and mostly playing games so it rocked!  !!!!     ' 
Today, I woke up in a good mood. But then I got upset, over a little thing, because there are bigger things to upset me. My Grandma recently passed away. My brother is gone for five months and my house feels empty. I've been arguing with my parents. One of my close friends is gone and the other one can't hang out with me today because, of course, she's with her boyfriend. Also, she'll be leaving tomorrow.\r But you know what? Reading through all these good things in the world... it makes me happy. Because I am alive, somehow, and that is a gift. I could live it happily, or I could live it sadly. And I'm going to try to live it happily.\r Thanks, all of you.       " 
Today, I'm seeing close friends who I haven't seen in a year.       " 
Ten years ago my nephew who was then 15 years old, nearly died in a farm accident.  He made a mistake shifting the tractor, which was parked in a shed with low overhead loft.  Backed up, knocked the vertical beam out of place, then the horizontal beam swung around and crushed his face into the tractor\'s steering wheel.  Thinking he was going to die, he prayed "God help me!  Help me!"  Because his face was being crushed as if it was in a vise.   There was no one in the barn, but miraculously  he felt hands lifting him off the tractor.   He staggered out of the barn, holding his partially severed jaw.    For many years, he was having multiple surgeries, missed out on most of the fun normal teenagers have.  Never had a date, because he was too afraid of being rejected due to his injured face.   One day about two years ago,  he and his friends decided to meet at the local pizza place in their town.  His friend\'s mother and sister happened to join them.  The sister talked to my  nephew.  She is this beautiful blonde, like beauty-queen beautiful.  And turns out  she is a beautiful person too.   Because they had a nice chat.  My nephew is totally polite and respectful to women,  no "lines" whatsoever.   A week later, she called and invited my nephew to go out on a friends houseboat.  Then they fell madly in love and they were married on July 21, 2012.  It was the happiest wedding we had ever attended.   My nephew says he would not change anything about  his life, not even the accident.  Because it made him the man he is today.  Their life is great.  My life is great, just being his aunt.  Because my nephew and his wife are such an inspiration.      ' 
Today, I passed my driving test. When got home, there was a message on the answering machine saying I'd been accepted to the super competitive internship I applied for! And then I remembered that tomorrow is my last day of school!       " 
Today, I realized that, although they aren't perfect or always there, I have friends. And they do care for me most of the time, and are something that I would have longed for and thought impossible earlier in life. So you know what? Little voice in my brain telling me to be unhappy, shut up. My life is GOOD.     " 
Today, We finished cleaning my room. We had to move my old bed out, my old bookcase, clean out my desk, clean out my dresser, and clean out my closet. It took about 3 weeks, but I now have a clean room I can have my friends in and actually hang out in.       ' 
Today, I woke up to the cutest good morning text ever, from the guy I have had a crush on for almost three years.  .     ' 
Today, I got my nursing liscense. It was a difficult and long journey but my family supported me and encouraged me every step of the way. Knowing that I can always support myself and that I have a loving and supportive family beside me is everything I could ever want.  !     ' 
Today, I was looking at the wallet my cousin gave me. As I was looking through the pockets, I found $100 in cash, a $500 american express giftcard, $200 gift certificate to hollister, and a coupon for a free smothie.  .     ' 
Today I got a story submitted on  .  .     ' 
Today, I found out that Justin Bieber's Vogue issue has been one of there worst sellers. MILG =)     " 
Today, I'm finally cancer free.  .     " 
Today I realized that there is no impossible.  All impossible is is, "I am possible."        ' 
Today, I went on a helicopter tour of the Florida keys. We saw sharks and a guy waved to me from the ground.  .     ' 
I spend a lot of time at my best friend's house.  As teenagers of opposite genders, usually parents are skeptical.\r on friday night we wanted to watch a scary movie.  His moms response?\r Only if you go downstairs into your room and close the door!  .     " 
Today I won $100 off a $1 lottery ticket.  !     ' 
Today I had a really good salad.       ' 
Today, I danced in the rain.  !     ' 
Today I got my AP World exam score back. I got a 5.  !     ' 
Today I beat cancer.       ' 
MylifeisG because I am discovering how I can live with a great balance of things, so I am starting to think about happiness not about money! That makes me happy at all, make new friends easier, learn languages and enjoy more the life.      ' 
I am not in love anymore, finally I learned how to stop taking a so average life thinking every thing wasn't going to be fantastic. 'Till when I'm home I feel fantastic. Many things happening in my mind. \r MyLifeIsG!     " 
Tonight the guy i've been crushing on, the perfect combination of awesome and geeky-confirmed what I didn't hope to wish for...he's crushing on me too. A night full of videogames and awkward awesomeness in the future.       " 
Today, I received my very first salary-based job offer!       ' 
Today, I am spending the day with my girlfriend, brother, and parents to celebrate their 31st anniversary by going to brunch after church.       ' 
Today, i found this very upbeat website called My Life Is G.       ' 
Why do I need a reason? Life is always awesome, even if I don't realise it sometimes.     " 
Last night, my Mother and I saw Joan Armatrading live. Every song was perfect and we got to meet her afterwards. Plus my Mother and I had ice cream before the show.       ' 
Today, after years of being alone and wondering where my nice Christian guy is, I logged onto a Christian-based dating site, and the next day, he emailed me. We went to high school together, 8 years ago. We've only been on a couple dates, but I honestly think there's something there, and I've never been so excited or hopeful in my entire life.       " 
Today I finally laugh and smiled for real for the first time in months.     ' 
Today I stopped to think about my amazing friends, family and boyfriend who all make me smile when I wake up each day.       ' 
Today I've realized that if someone is just harmful in your life, you need to shove her or him far away, since I've done that with the person I thought it was my best friend my life has been wonderful :) I'm free!. MFIG     " 
Today I watched my one year old son discover a toy he has never played with before.        ' 
I started to work out one year ago and I am feeling the results this year.  My life is Great!      ' 
next saturday: leaving for the beach, monday: going to LA, thursday: to another beach. life rocks. :)     ' 
Today, after a long bumping ride, I was finally cured of Cancer.       ' 
Today, a group of my friends went to see The Avengers. I didn't have money for a movie, but three friends and I went to the town square, where there is a piano, instead. A guy who looked like Thor started playing and singing a Billy Joel song at my request.  .     " 
Today, I found a four leaf clover.   :)     ' 
Today I saw a picture that said "Being single doesn\'t mean no one wants you, it means God\'s busy writing your love story". It made me smile and I can now more patiently wait to live that love story, MLIA     ' 
Today I graduated.  !!!!!     ' 
I woke up this morning went to work at 5,  with a smile on my face. Ate a crappy lunch, with a smile on my face. Got rear ended on my way home, with a smile on my face. Got locked out of my house, with a smile on my face. And fell down my stairs, twice, and laughed it off. Shes always on my mind and this girl is amazing :)     ' 
today I got really excited for the rest of my life       ' 
On June 15, 2012, I celebrated 1 1/2 years sober. I am a meth addict and am proud to be sober! During my addiction I lost everything but most importantly I lost my daughter. I am seeing my daughter again and am getting my life back together again. Everyday is a struggle, but well worth it just to see my daughter and to be a part of her life again. My name is Jose and I am an addict and my life is great!      ' 
Yesterday, I watched The Avengers for the second time with a friend. Afterwards - about 12 pm - my friend and I ran around on a rooftop and played S.H.I.E.L.D agents. We're both 15 year old girls. OLAG     " 
Today my crush came over and we unexpectedly endedup kissing me ...       ' 
Today, I got to see 3 girls I only see in the summer for the first time since last July. :)     ' 
Today I got an email saying that I made it into a ninth-grade math course. I'm in seventh grade, and I have been working so hard to achieve this all year.       " 
Today, my twin brother came home safe from the war.        ' 
I live in just about the dryest place on earth. We are always prying for rain. It has rained at least 4 times this week alone. My Life is G.      ' 
Last fall, my soccer team was formed. That season, we came in last place with only 2 wins. This season, the second one we've ever played, we finished with 1 tie, 1 loss, and 8 wins against all the same teams We are in first place and are going to move up a division next fall. :D  !     " 
Today I relized that! The only thing you need is a roof over your head, and a happy heart.       ' 
today, i was reading all these   posts, and it made me think about how fortunate i am. things have been kind of rocky in life of late, but i'm excited for the new possibilities that lie ahead. Thank the Lord for walking with me every step of the way. and thank you to Micheal for being there for me every day for almost 4 years. every tear, smile, laugh, hug and kiss has been worth it. ;) we're getting married! i'm so excited.   (and so is his)     " 
Today my brother was born!       ' 
Today, I got to spend two hours with the girl I like. Though I know she doesn't feel that way about me, it's nice just to be able to hang out with her.       " 
Today, I realized for the first time in forever, that my life is great. I've always been unhappy, but I woke up this morning, and everything changed.       " 
Today, I was happy for the first time in a long time.       ' 
Today, I finally got to see my favorite singer, Ingrid Michaelson, in concert.       ' 
Today I watched saved by the bell and the outsiders. I cried and laughed. I texted my BFF from California who I only see once a year but I will never forget her. I had smores with my whole family and we got new neighbors. Finally, I sat in my bed and came on this website. MLIAmazingandthebesticouldeverhave!:)     ' 
Things just moved forward in a surprising way with a person I like very much. Even if they don't stay that way,   just because I know her     " 
Last summer my grandpa was sick for ten days without eating or drinking. We all prayed and sat around him. It wasn't until my grandma said its time that I realized how important he was to me even though he had memory loss and didn't know my name. But I also realized he still loved me. Then this year I had some of te best things happen to me. I realized that       " 
This term I got straight A's for the first time.      " 
I'm a college student studying astronomy. I love astronomy. This is what I want to spend the rest of my life doing.       " 
Today I found out that my crush is a fellow MLIAer and I thought it was so amazing that I had to post it on here.       ' 
Today I smiled.  .     ' 
Today I was reading this website and then sunshine came through the window. I smiled.       ' 
last week my boyfriend of four years died from leukemia, for the whole day i sat on my couch feeling alone and empty and so so sad. it just seemed so unfair to me. today his brother brought over a shoe box full of letters that he found in his brothers room, they were letters to me, and he had wrote one on every land mark of our relationship, the night he finally asked me out, our first kiss, each of our anniversaries, our first fight, the day i met his family for the first time. and at the bottom i found one that only had a title and nothing else, it was titled "the day i proposed"... we never made it to that day, so he never got to write that letter, and underneath all the letters was a small velvet box. although i cried alot more and even though i miss him incredibly, i was so lucky for the time i got with him, and he was the one who helped me realize that   . ' 
Today I had a nice conversation with my crush regarding love squares during science.       ' 
today i decided i was gonna live... not for myself but for all the people who need me in theirs :) love you superman ;)     ' 
Last week, my "best friend" decided to stab me in the back and steal my boyfriend. After crying for the past few days, my best friend who I grew up with and have known for 13 years told me that I could do better and finally confessed that he had an adorable crush on me since we were three. He\'s been there for me for my entire life and I\'ve never even noticed. Luke, I love you. More than the brother I thought you were to me.       ' 
I am going to a sleepover tomorrow night.     ' 
Today, I sang my boyfriend to sleep from miles away. He might be a little annoyed about falling asleep with his phone in his hand tomorrow...but I've never been more in love with him.       " 
Today, I discovered ' ' AND an AWESOME band called 'Patent Pending'. So THANK YOU all you amazing people for making me smile and introducing me to some awesome new music :) " 
Tomorrow is my boyfriend's and my 8-month anniversary. I'm the luckiest girl alive :)\r       " 
My favorite actress/singer followed me back on twitter and interacts with me a good bit,thing is, she usually don't follow fans, it made my year!!  !     " 
When I was in high school, I was horribly depressed and even though I loved them dearly, all of my friends were superficial. Even my five-year relationship with a man I thought I loved turned out to be shallow and based on his lies. Now I've graduated and have reconnected with a wonderful man that I met back then, that all of my girlfriends discounted because of acne and a less than perfect body. He's smart, sweet, funny, and the most loyal man I've met. In a short amount of time, I fell in love with him, and he with me. Now we're engaged to be married in two years, and he's one of the truest friends I've ever had. Even though our immediate future is uncertain, I know that with him by my side we can make it through any challenge. MyLifeIsFINALLYG.      " 
Today I realized that I don't care what other people think of me.       " 
Today, I picked a dandelion to make a wish, but I didn't have anything to wish for. I have everything in my life that I could want. My Life is Good     " 
Today, I went to Disneyland with a group of friends. Even though the rain got us soaking wet, we managed to make the most of our trip. It was the most fun I've had in a long time.   :)     " 
Today I was On MLIA amd decided to click on the about section to see what it has to say for itself. There was a link to  . I clicked it.     ' 
On Friday I'm finally going to see my boyfriend. We haven't seen each other in over a month so I'm really excited!       " 
Yesterday I had a dream that my crush said he loved me. I don\'t know if it\'s true, but today he asked me to be his "study buddy". I think this is going to go somewhere.        ' 
Today, my boyfriend surprised me by picking up my dad who I haven't seen in months so that they could both be with me for my Band-Uh! performances on Picnic Day at UC Davis. I cried.       " 
I was able to have a connection with this really sweet guy from a friends youth group i've been going to. he always makes me smile and laugh. He has asked me if i'd go to his school prom with him. I'm homeschooled and wouldn't have even gotten this chance, let alone from the guy i like! He's respectful and caring. \r ~My Life Is Great~ \r      " 
Today, I woke up with an amazing feeling about the day. For most of the day, nothing really exciting or worth while was going on until I went on my lunch break at school. As soon as I sat down at the table to eat my food, the girl that I'm in love with that has never really noticed me walked up to me and asked me out.   :)     " 
My twin sister and I got our first book published, we are only sixteen!! The watching- dane and julie leroux!     ' 
Today, bent on exploring MLIA, I finally read the abouts and found this website.       ' 
I realized I'm in love yesterday, and all day I've been smiling. I don't even worry if he feels the same yet. I'm happy just to be happy like this.  .     " 
Today, I just want to recognize my best friend. We met in auto shop, where everyone joked that we were getting married. We agreed that on June 31, we would be married by an alligator priest on the Eiffel Tower and parachute down. It has been a beautiful two years of friendship since we met, filled with laughter and tears. I held his hand in the hospital (twice), and he mine through my living nightmare. He brought me to God, and showed me that I don't have to be the girl that I hated being. I love him with all my heart, and just want to let the world know that I am grateful for him being in this world. KC, thanks to you,  .     " 
Every night i talk to one of my friends in British colombia :) i miss him so much but he is comming home next summer but every night we talk he always saids good night to me and it actually helps me sleep :) i think he might be the one :)     ' 
Today, I had a nice little conversation with my crush.   !!     ' 
Today, I realized that although I am angry with my mother for abandoning me, she has given me not only the gift of life but has also taught me SELF RELIANCE. I am strong and powerful, and I don't need anyone to tell me so. MLIndependentlyG      " 
I found out my life is great. Don't complain. Its your life!   .     " 
A few months ago I went on a camp called BOOST Camp. The friends I made on that camp are the first real group of friends I have had in a long time and they make me feel like I chould be there in the group...like I'm not an outcast. They are the most amazing group of people in the world and thanks to the crew of BOOST camp 2011 I can now say that  .     " 
Today I woke up next to my best friend, my lover and my soulmate. The best part of it all? I know he feels the same way!       ' 
Today I read an  . And then I smiled.     ' 
Today, one of my friends told me to ask him if I was fat. I asked him and he said " No way, I would never call any girl fat in a million years!" He then proceeded to ask my other friend the exact same thing and she seemed hesitant and finally asked. We both had smiles on our faces. This is one of the first times I\'ve believed someone.       ' 
I met a guy over the summer who was based in the same area I was for work. We became really good friends, and spent lots of time together. At the end of the summer he had to go home (overseas), and each day that he is gone I miss him more and more. Ever sense he has left I get an email from him everyday, just talking about normal stuff and always saying I miss you. Summer is 8 months away and when I spoke to him today, he has all ready requested my base for the coming summer. I can't wait!  reat     " 
Today, I learned that my entire college tuition (room and board included) will be paid off for three years. On top of that, I am now able to use the money I have saved up since I was a kid to plan a week long trip to Australia now as a graduation present to myself before I enter university.       ' 
My favorite flower is the forget-me-not. No matter what happens I know there will always be people who remember me. Never forgotten.       ' 
I haven't seen my aunt in almost 5 years, and I'm going up to see her for a week this summer. Toronto fan expo here we come.  .     " 
Today, I laughed with the some of my bestfriends and had one of the best days of my life while smiling.       ' 
This weekend when I was running, I got such a surge of serotonin in my brain that I was just so grateful about my life and where I am not that I almost cried due to happiness. MLG     ' 
I never thought this would happen because of my social awkwardness, but someone asked me to go to prom with him.       ' 
Today, I was at work and asked a customer if she needed help looking for something, and she said no thanks, but I noticed her looking on the shelf and asked if the boat of items I was packing out was in her way and if I should move it for her (while moving it lol) like I wasn\'t even listening to her say "no, it\'s okay, it\'s not in my way at all."  2min later she came back and asked me if the store has new managers, to which I said no, not to my recollection, and asked why? Just curious, ya know? She tells me everyone\'s so nice, and laughed telling me she stopped coming to the store because no one is ever friendly, so she has been shopping at Stop&Shop but there\'s never an associate around to ask for help looking for something, but me, I asked her for no reason at all and was friendly and didn\'t even think it over (I\'m like that). So then she tells me a few weeks ago she started coming back and how her daughter has diabetes, it wasn\'t lengthy but the conversation followed that she could have only one kind of cereal (the good Life cereal [oh so good ) and that there were none on the shelves but a package on a live boat that was in the aisle, and that some worker dug through the entire boat to get to the package on the bottom to grab just one box of cereal for her daughter, and she didn\'t mention it before, even to the associate.  So she asked, "Why is everyone so friendly all of a sudden?", to which I responded "I\'m just like that, I like helping."  Afterwards I told one of my manager friends the whole story of what happened and changed the ending to include everyone who works there, and that we\'re all friendly and like helping people out.  I laughed, not because it seemed funny to me, but because I was the one who helped her out and gave her a reason to come back shopping without even knowing, and didn\'t even know anything about her daughter, or that one box of cereal is the only cereal her daughter can eat.  My life, is effing G. Wait, no, my life is effing awesome!     ' 
This year I have been lucky enough to have the girl of my dreams whom I dated for over a year before, come back to me after 2 years apart. We've been together for 4 months now. We are so in love and it is my plan to marry this girl. Forever and always, baby doll. 11/11/11 " 
I'm one of few Russians in my school and very proud of my culture. I've been constantly stereotyped as an alcoholic, communist, and other names. My spring break's coming up soon and today my mom surprised me. She bought plane tickets to go to Russia for the entire week of spring break.  .     " 
Today my crush was staring at me. Day made.       ' 
haven't cut my wrist for 3 weeks now and i feel so much happier!       " 
I've always been a nerd, but today, I finally realized that I''m proud to be a nerd.  .     " 
Today my family and I found out all the tumors that my Grandmother has are almost all the way gone.       ' 
a couple weeks ago i put in for pax (3 day video game convention) friday off at work. yesterday i found out that i had accidentally put in for a saturday off (we arent open weekends) but my boss caught the mistake. so she looked up pax online, found the dates and gave me the correct day off. I \u2665 MY JOB!       ' 
Today, I spent nearly 4 hours with my boyfriend after two weeks of not seeing him or speaking to him for personal reasons. I felt so incredibly guilty, and I thought he would be mad at me, maybe even break up with me. Instead, he told me he loves me, held my hand and kissed me. I liked him for a year before he asked me out, and I had to keep pinching myself all day because I still find it hard to believe he's mine. It's been hours since I got home, and I still have a huge grin on my face. MLIsoG     " 
Today, I talked to the guy I like. We've been friends for a few years, and I don't expect anything to happen soon. But he called out my name as I walked past to ask me about the biology test, and that simple two second conversation made my day. :)  .     " 
Today, a guy I've had a crush told me he liked me. :)       " 
I have struggled with an impulse control disorder called Trichotillomania for years. I kept it a secret until this week. I told my closest friends and they promised to help me overcome it.       ' 
Today, it finally sunk in that the guy I've been hung up on for years will never feel the same way about me. With this newfound insight, I refuse to spend another minute caring about someone who could care less about me. Epiphanies feel so good, and for this reason,  !        " 
Today I uploaded a video to Facebook. It was a song I wrote and sang and played on my ukulele, and I was SO scared and embarrassed at first. But I conquered that fear, and I'm feelin' GREAT! :)     " 
Today I spend 3 hours in the sunshine and realized I am strong enough to tackle all the obstacles in my way.     ' 
Today I found out that my crush of a year and a half likes me and is planning on asking me out! MLI FREAKING FANTASTIC     ' 
yesterday my cat (who was lost for 29 days) came back :) :) :) :) :) :) :)       ' 
today i woke up and discovered   :)     ' 
Today I won the lottery       ' 
Today i got a giant stuffed moose.       ' 
Today I went into town and ran into the guy I like. We went to the park together and climbed into a tree that was blooming. He told me I was beautiful, up in that tree, and kissed me. It was my first kiss. Whenever I walk by that tree, I'll remember today... because today was a fairytale.   :)     " 
Today, after years and years of depression and various anxieties, I can now spend the weekends when my children visit me without panicking about it beforehand and also I'm able to keep housework running properly at all times. And I have a new sports hobby that makes me feel really good physically. And it's spring and I'm able to have contact with the opposite sex without said anxieties.       " 
Today I was running out the door and barely remembered to grab the lunch my boyfriend packed. My college courses are tough and I was feeling stressed when lunch rolled around. Turns out my boyfriend packed me a Ding Dong (one of my favorites) along with my PB&J. Sometimes it is the little things that make me realize how much I love him and how  .     ' 
Today, I won my first ever tennis match, playing the number 1 player on the the other team after not winning a single match last year. 2 hours later the girl of my dreams, whom I have loved since I first met her, told me that she loves me. We are now happily dating, and I don't think things could be going much better. My life is great.      " 
Today, I decided that the concept of FML was depressing, especially if it didn\'t have a "good" counterpart. I asked my friends about it, and I was linked to this page. Turns out, the world is a slightly better place than I thought it was!       ' 
After having a learning disability for ten years and never thinking I was smart, I found someone who believed in me and I was able to graduate high school on time with the rest of my class. I now believe I am smart.   :)     ' 
Yesterday my friend left to visit family in another country. Even thought she'll be back in a week, I can't help but be sad about it. But this has also helped me realise how lucky I am to have her around and that I don't know what I would do without her. Because of her,   :)     " 
today i realized that my boyfriend is amazing and puts up with all my tantrums. hes the best ' 
Today, I checked my email and saw that my professor sent me an email noticing the effort I put in class. I checked it again and another teacher sent out grades for a project I did way better than I expected. Earlier today I got my average for a class I'm making a 96.  .     " 
Recently, and friend and I decided to try dating one another. Best decision we've ever made. Never have I had a better boyfriend in my life. " 
Today I realised that even though I'm uselessly bad at socialising and have been bullied most of my life, I still get through every day with a smile and I always think positively.       " 
Today my guy friend gave up his soccer scolorship to be with the girl he loves, my best friend. I now know what true love looks like.  .     ' 
After about 6 months of not talking to my guy bestfriend of over 11 years we starting talking again. We met in the 3rd grade, I am now a freshman in college. The first thing he told me when we started talking again was "Yeah I know, I feel bad about what I\'ve done to you in the past and I wana make it up to you". This shows that there is good in everyone and no matter how the past went, the present is always worth even more. I love my life and my wonderful bestfriend.     ' 
I noticed my friend was upset today. I want to have this post up by the next time she's upset so that she can enjoy this site the next time she's feeling down.I hope you're life will be great too Thao. Y(our)LIG     " 
I\'ve been going through a really rough time this past month dealing with breaking up with my boyfriend of a year and half whom I\'m still in love with and having my so called "friends" all turn on me at the same time leaving me feel like I have nothing left. Then I started talking to my old friend that I lost touch in. Now I\'m starting to feel better and it helps even after all the time we haven\'t talked she still is always there for me. ML(Will be)G      ' 
I've always been overweight, but due to some harsh circumstances, I've begun to care about and take care of myself. I've lost over 40 lbs, have higher self-esteem and am able to smile. My depression is gone and my life is AMAZING     " 
Today I read an amazing story. A guy named Kevin had leukemia, and he said no one would want to go to prom with him because he would probably be bald. His sister Victoria said, "What if I could get Taylor Swift(his idol) to go to the prom with you?" She started to support this on facebook. When she finally got to ask for him on facebook, she politely said no. But then she asked, "Can he go to the ACM awards as my date?" this story shows you that hard work can lead to something. It may not be what you first wanted, but it still leads to something.       ' 
Today my soccer team won the first match of the season against the previous district champs. MLIFreaking Amazing :D     ' 
Today my dad told me he loved me and for the first time I believed him     ' 
Today, my friend Emily said she wants to be a counsellor. Good luck, Em.  .      ' 
Hi \r      ' 
I had a big time crush, and I knew for a fact that he did not have a Girl Friend, so at lunch, I went and asked him out.... HE SAID YES!!!!!!!!!! It has been 1 month....Why did I wait so long....Well, today, he Kissed me!!!!!!!!!!       ' 
Today I realized that I have a wonderful life, a boyfriend who loves me, a family who cares about me and acceptance to all the colleges that I applied to.       ' 
Come on people, lets get some more stories circulating!       ' 
A couple weeks ago my favorite hockey player opened an email account for people to ask him questions, i asked a couple of serious questions then asked if he would wish me an early happy birthday, he did and it made my week. Today for my birthday my parents and sister and brother in law got me this same players jersey signed. It made me cry because i never thought my parents would spend that much money on a jersey when a player can be traded at any minute but i'm on cloud 9       " 
I love Animaniacs. I have only one teacherwho appreciates them as much as I do. I found out he is also a bronie. I love this teachr, though I hate the subject taught. Next time I turn in a paper, I will draw Rainbow Dash. Ml(and his)ig     ' 
Let me tell you a story: a couple years ago, I was walking home from school, thinking about whether or not I should follow through with suicide, but I was leaning towards yes.  At the crosswalk, the crossing guard smiled and said hi to me. I ignored her. Then she pointed out that my shirt had Snoopy on it, and said she loved Snoopy, and that he was a good guy. It was the first time in months somebody had said something nice to me. I\'m not saying it completeley cured my suicidal thoughts, but the rest of the walk home I was thinking, "Wow, maybe there are good people. Maybe life is worth it." I will always remember that conversation, though I doubt the crossing guard remembered it the next day. Moral of the story: Never choose to take your life, because you most likely have affected somebody elses\'s without even realizing it.     ' 
Today I decided to reconnect with my neighbor. We haven't talked in a while. ML(WILL BE)G     " 
Yesterday, I told a close friend of the opposite gender my favorite spiritual song of all time.  Today he decided to learn it on the piano.  My Life Is Great:)     ' 
Last month, I was having a really terrible day due to boy problems. I was on the verge of crying at the bus station when a boy came up to me, lightly touched my hair, and said "is that your natural hair color? You\'re so beautiful." That random boys care made everything all better.  .!     ' 
Today I realized how lucky I am. After a health scare, I've found out I do not in fact have to have surgery on my spine. I'm dating my best friend in the world, a sweet amazing guy. I only have a year and a half until I get to go make my life in the world apart from my family. I have a warm bed and food to eat. My brother hasn't had another seizure since his diagnosis of epilepsy. I finally weigh a good weight and feel confident about my size. And I LOVE GOD AND MY LIFE. :)  . :)     " 
Today, I woke up and was happy.       ' 
Everyday, for three years, I've told myself I was beautiful. Today I believed it.       " 
I have Jesus.       ' 
Last week, I came out to the school and was scared to death of what would happen. Today, my crush came up to me and asked me out.  !     ' 
A few days ago, a kid in my class stopped making cruel Mexican jokes when I was around, as I\'m Mexican. I\'ve never been this happy to have a new friend, although I did make him say sorry a lot.  . P.S. My enter the following is: "Who is the author of Harry Potter?" J. K. Rowling of course! :D     ' 
Yesterday, I had to let someone leave my life, because even though I cared about him, he was not showing that same care and respect for me. Even though I'm upset, I realize that this was my second chance to stand up for myself against someone manipulative, and I'm glad I was brave enough to follow through with it.     " 
Today, the guy im in love with, (who i used to be best friends and do everything with) told me he missed me. i thought only i felt this way...  .     ' 
i have clothes on my back, an education, and food.        ' 
I've got 2 older brothers in drug rehab. My mom just had surgery and school isn't very good but my life is g. I am blessed to have all that I have and live my life to the fullest.       " 
Today, I prepared myself for disappointment since it's Valentine's Day. Then at the school dance, the guy I like asked me to dance and one of my friends said she overheard him saying he likes me.       " 
Today (at 8 o'clock to be specific) I found out that I had made the Varsity Soccer team at my school. I was so so so soooooooo nervous. HOWEVER I have now been informed I made the team and am happier than I thought I possibly be :D My Life is SO FREAKING AMAZING right now :DDDDD     " 
Today, a rumor was spread around that this guy I sit next to in English and I made out during class. We had a mutual decision to tell everyone it was true. He told this one kid that we were under the desks because it was too intense. I told someone else that we broke the desks. He told a different story than those. And we told different stories to everyone who asked, each getting more and more ridiculous. Now, we are officially dating.  .     ' 
Wednesday, Feb 15, 2012. This will be the last day of my twenties. I will be enjoying a hiphop concert and a college campus with my best friend from brandon valley high school. I will pry be the oldest there...and I don't care.       " 
today I read all the   posts and ended up smiling.       ' 
Today I decided to try out for my school's badmitton team. I was really excited, then I noticed the guy I like is also trying out. Not only am I having a geat time, but I'm hoping this will give me something to talk to him about.       " 
Today I decided to go to college with my beat friend instead of going to college in a city where I could pursue a relationship with the guy I like. I feel totally confident in my decision, and trust God to bring me the right guy at the right time. (Fingers crossed this guy I like might be up for long distance lol).       ' 
Today, I found out about  .      ' 
For a while at school, the people I thought were my friends at school were kinda being jerks to me.  Yesterday at lunch I sat with the other group who I had always kinda been friends with instead, and they were awesome.  For the first time in months I felt like I could even talk during lunch.        ' 
Today the guy I like asked me out :) I said yes.       ' 
Today I got a day off from school because I was confirmed(I go to a Catholic school). I finally have a break from stress.       ' 
Today, after I got on Xbox live with one of my guy friends( I'm a girl) and his friends were insulting me and laughing at me. When I got off because I was starting to cry he texted me and told me he was sorry. Five minutes later all four guys texted me an apology. My friend then asked me out. Wish me luck.       " 
Today, I walked by a girl, two boys and their mom. I was wearing my uniform from my charter school. I overheard the mom whisper, "thats what you will look like if you go to private school" Then the girl said, "I want to go there if I llok like her! she\'s pretty!"  !     ' 
Today, I have been in love for 2 years. What started off as a rebound from an ex I never thought I would be able to get over has turned into the most purest form of love I never expected to find. Thanks to my best friend (who happens to be my boyfriend),   :)     ' 
Today I got to eat a mini apple pie at lunch.       ' 
Today, I got back from my senior retreat. After 3 days of spending time and talking to the rest of the seniors in my class, we were able to open up and show our true selves. I have now made friends that I'm sure I will keep for a lifetime.  !     " 
Today I stopped making myself sick.       ' 
Last night, I went to a Beatles tribute concert with two old friends I haven't seen in almost a year. I had thought they forgot about me, but it made me extremely happy to have them call me up for a sleepover. Thank you, Megan and Katie, for pushing me back into the land of the living.       " 
Ok this isn't really a post for about my life being great, but I just wanted to say that I don't want this site turning into MLIA. I love MLIA, but this isn't the same thing as that and I like reading the inspirational stories on  . Not ones about pillow pets and dinosaur chicken nuggets. Please?     " 
Today, my best guy friend has sent me a good morning beautiful text every morning since I ended up crying my eyes out on his shoulder 2 weeks ago from feeling so stressed out and unwanted. his effort to make me smile and let me know someone cares makes every thing worth it.       ' 
Today (well a while ago actually), I finally found a sport that I'm good at. Thanks dad for getting me into your old sport, crew.       " 
Last year on our way to Ireland, we had to change flights in New York City. While waiting for our flight, my (extremely shy) older brother got a hug from a random girl who turned out to be in his Spanish class at school, was a year older than him, and was going to visit her aunt alone in NYC. We all teased him about it after- she was really nice and actually super pretty, and just glad to see a familiar face. Yesterday, she asked him to the winter formal and he said he'd love to go with her. It's the first girl he's liked, the first girl who likes him, and the first school dance he's ever been to. I am so proud of him. OurLAG      " 
Today, I came home depressed for no understandable reason, and typed mylifeisg.com into my browser, with hope that the site would be back up. It was. And just like it always does, this website took me out of my funk and put a smile on my face.       ' 
Today I found out that my foster parents want to adopt me. After 13 homes and countless parents, my life is finally G.     ' 
My freshman year of high school I had a close friend who was teased by two boys so bad that he switched schools. I promised him they would regret it one day, but we lost contact. Five years later, I started dating a guy and found out he was one of the boys. My boyfriend sent a friend request on Facebook and wrote a long apology. I kept my promise! LIG     ' 
Today, I didn't kill myself.       " 
Today I promised my boyfriend of two year that I will never cut myself again.  He made me realize that it's not only hurting myself but my friends and family too. My life may not be to great now, but in the near future MLwillbeG.     " 
My best friend of three years asked me out and i've always had feelings for him. I thought something was never going to happen and you know what, i'm happy.       " 
My mother is married to the first good guy of her life. He is supportive and has the best ideas I've ever seen. With his encouragement, she is now a flight attendant (her dream that had been smothered by many in her life before) and happier than I've ever seen her. After years of being terrified that I had a truly schizophrenic mother for several reasons, I finally feel like I've met the real her and I love her with all that I have.  .     " 
Today I tried sneaking into a bar (I'm only 17) so I could hear my favorite singer. At first I got caught and the guy didn't let me in, but eventually he decided to let me in for three songs. So thank you, nice man. You will never know how much seeing her meant to me.       " 
Today I got the lead in my school's spring musical!        " 
Today, I am still alive. Tomorrow I might not be, but that's why I have today. I am still alive and I won't let today be boring because of it.  .     " 
Today, I came out. No one hated me.       ' 
Today I got a job, after being laid off for two years.        ' 
Today marks the first day of the rest of my life.  I am now cancer-free.        ' 
I was having a bad day, and the boy I like asked what was going on. I didn\'t want to talk about it, but in the end he said, "Smile. Please just smile, because you are the most beautiful girl in the world when you have a smile on your face." I think he\'s a keeper :)       ' 
Today I got up at 5 AM to go to swim practice, it's 60 degrees outside, and now I'm eating a poptart.  .     " 
Today, I found out the true meaning of life: Listening to Bruno Mars songs, in comfortable socks, while playing Angry Birds.       ' 
Today, I prank-called my guy friend, that I hadn't seen in six months because I recently moved. When he answered, I almost felt like crying because of his voice. It brought back so many memories, and it's amazing how I still remember every single waking moment I was with him:)  :)     " 
I had to give a speech in my history class today. Normally I am so afraid to speak in front of the class, and I've been terrified as I prepared for it this week, even having nightmares. But you know what? I stood tall and gave my speech. I got a standing ovation and 100% :)       " 
today I got to leave school at 10:18.       ' 
There is a band from Long Island, New York called Patent Pending. They aren\'t signed to a major label, they\'re not world-famous superstars, and they haven\'t won a Grammy. But they have created a community of fans and friends who love and support each other through absolutely everything.\r \r When I found out that I had lost someone I knew to suicide, they were the first people I told. At their show soon after, I started crying during the song "One Less Heart to Break", and two complete strangers came up and hugged me.\r \r Thanks to the Patent Pending Second Family,  .     ' 
Today I read: "I was going to the bathroom before lunch yesterday and found a note saying "Smile, you\'re beautiful!" I almost cried.  "... Eleven years ago this Valentines Day (When I was in the 7th grade) I recieved two carnations at school from a Valentines Day fundraiser and the note attached said, "Smile becuase you\'re beautiful" I think of that person every year and smile. O(our)LA(are)G     ' 
Today, I didn't die.       " 
Today i told different girls that were having a bad day how beautiful they were, they each gave me a hug and 1 started crying because that was the first time she'd heard that, OLIG.     " 
I've been working on being an electronic music producer since I was twelve. It was a long road, composing late at night and saving up for better equipment for months. My friends have been nothing but supportive of my dream and now it's official. I got a record deal!y dreams are coming true!  !     " 
Today I left my hometown for the first time in six years to resume my life as an adventurer. My knee has finally recovered, praise Talos!\r \r       ' 
I have a birthday party coming up, I have a feeling it will be my best one yet.       ' 
today i realized that life is amazing. even if your in a relationship or not.     ' 
Today I found Mylifeisg.com....MILG     ' 
Tonight, the girl I like asked me to dance.     ' 
Today, I brought back the confidence in me!     ' 
On Thursday I found out I won't need surgery for my ankle (unless the situation gets much worse, and because I'm only 13) and that all I have to do is where a shoe insole that corrects the angle my foot is facing. And, I can continue to play tennis.       " 
Today, I found a website that shows a bunch of people with extremely high self-esteem. You know what I'm talkin' about?       " 
Today, I finished the second of my two day math exam. i think I did great!       ' 
This weekend I'm going camping. I love camping.       " 
Told my best friend I like her and assumed she would friendzone me, but she smiled and said we might be able to work something out if I was willing to wait for it.       ' 
If you see a post that says just " " yeah well that was me.       ' 
since my marriage (been more than a year), stuff was going in my head..that something was missing..that maybe I am not living to the best of my potential..that maybe I hurried into marriage.\r Today I just penned it all out..what are the priorities of my life, what should I be doing and what makes me happy and guess what? I feel great! I love my wife, my family, my job and most importantly myslef..\r  !!      ' 
Today, I could finally look at a picture of my ex and his new girl without feeling pain.      ' 
R.I.P mom i think of you every day! I love you with all my heart!!      ' 
Today it snowed. It's just... so.. beautiful!     " 
Tonight someone told me "You inspire me." Didn\'t really expect it. \r \r  .     ' 
I discovered this site today. I've never cried harder, (soon realizing it was out of happiness) or have had more hope for the future.       " 
I have a terminal illness. I have missed almost all the days of my high school life so far because i was sick and in the hospital. But I love my life and wouldn't change it for the world. I'm happier than I have ever been in my entire life. All thanks to my 3 best friends. :) I love you guys. " 
Today is my boyfriends 18th birthday. We've been together since we were 16 but he couldn't officially date till he was 18 so he asked me to wait for him. And I did. So today he asked me to be his girlfriend after almost 2 years.  .     " 
Today I realized how much I've loved my best guyfriend all along without even knowing it. I told him and he said he's liked me ever since we met.       " 
This may seem somewhat silly. I am doing a Masters program abroad and most of my classmates/friends went home or on vacation. My family came to visit me, which was a special Christmas surprise. However, my Christmas continued yesterday. One of my good friends who had gone home came to visit us (my roommate and myself) and he had gotten us presents! My gift? Silly as it seems, he got me a HUGE thing of JIF peanut butter! PB is very expensive over here and it's not the same as the States. He remembered me saying that I missed PB, and decided to surprise me :) Thanks Matt!       " 
Today I got gourmet ice cream for free.  .     ' 
Today I walked home from school dancing to my favourite band, in unusually warm weather while eating free cake, grinning because the cute guy I like waved to me when his bus went by.  !      ' 
I was looking at stories here on MyLifeIsG, and I decided to vote good on all of them, and vote good on all the nice comments on them. Why? Because everyone deserves to have a little happiness in their day.  . =)     ' 
Today, a guy flirted with me for the first time in ages, whilst I was ill and looking disgusting. Confidence boost much?       ' 
I was going to the bathroom before lunch yesterday and found a note saying "Smile, you\'re beautiful!" I almost cried.  \r      ' 
So after like six months of being kinda depressed and feeling like a total outcast because I moved to a new town, I ended up meeting a girl that's pretty awesome and just recently told me she likes me. Made me feel a heck of a lot better. Thanks to her,       " 
Today i started getting over my impossible love. I am strong.       ' 
Today, I found out that the problem with my eye isn't neurological, and can be corrected by glasses instead of surgery.  !!     " 
Today, I remembered  . It's been rough being away from my long-distance girlfriend... She was raped when I wasn't there and there was nothing I could do to stop it. Our lives have both been really rough since. I was feeling down, and this website made me remember that wonderful things do happen to good people.  .     " 
Today, not one person made fun out of what i wear.  .     ' 
Today I sat in a cart in Costco while my parents pushed it. It made me feel so lucky and thankful.       ' 
today i decided not to be ashamed of my brown eyes just because they are the same as my abusive father's.       " 
Today, while on Skype with my now long distance boyfriend (he moved), he told me he had something to tell me. I started to get concerned, until he broke out into song, "My Heart Will Go On". Thank you Zach, for making my day.       ' 
At church today this boy I had never met before started making me laugh. I was completely oblivious to the signs until my friend said, "wow he must really like you!" Not being popular at my school and having had one boyfriend who turned out to like my best friend instead, I wasn\'t expecting that. Needless to say it was a huge boost to my self esteem.       ' 
Today, the guy liked since the 7th grade kissed me. We are 23 now.       ' 
today i was depressed about my best guy friend whom im in love with... then i discovered this website and it gave me hope.       ' 
Today, my class took our midterms. I got A`s in each one without using ANY notes or studying whatsoever.  \r      ' 
today i was depressed about my best guy friend whom im in love with... then i discovered this website and it gave me hope.       ' 
I decided not to kill myself:)     ' 
i finally "came out of the closet" and admitted i like girls:\') i have a girlfriend now, we\'ve been dating for two weeks.. and i\'ve never been happier i\'m going to marry this girl i swear' 
Today, I was crying and thinking about starting to cut again when I found this site. I looked at my life and realized that even though I'm scared of the future, the present is pretty darn awesome! Not everyone can say that they have not only found the love of their life but have also been accepted by their family as openly lesbian.  !!! Keep smiling!     " 
Last Monday the guy I've fallen for took me to a theme park. In the evening we both were very cold so he held my hand and cuddled with me for an hour. I'm 17 and that was my first time holding hands. My life is great.     " 
Today I found out that I am cancer free.       ' 
My boyfriend is deployed in the military.I'm deciding to join him today.       " 
Today I kissed the guy of my dreams.     ' 
Today I was at the mall with my friend. When we stopped to look at hats at a kiosk, the guy who worked there started to talk to us. He was about our age and I saw him looking at us as we walked up to the stand. I figured he was coming to hit on my friend because she always gets hit on while I seem inbisible. He didn't hit on my friend; he hit on me.   :)     " 
My boyfriend of a year broke up with me last May. The rest of the year was spent thinking of him, longing for him to take me back - while he's been moving on and changing. It was only on New Year's Eve when I realised there was no point in wanting someone who's changed so much, or in wasting my year hoping for him. So now I've blocked him out of my life, and I feel happy again -  .     " 
Today, after years of being deaf, I finally heard something for the first time. I got a surgery that will help. The first thing my boyfriend did was propose to me. ' 
Today, I found a gorgeous brand new formal dress for $25.       ' 
I used to be depressed and sometimes suicidal because I truly thought that nobody could ever like me.  Well a while ago we did this activity during school where we anonymously wrote down secrets that we have. Later our teacher read them out loud. Somebody wrote as one of their secrets that they always thought I was awesome but was scared to tell me. That happened a year ago and I still feel happy thinking about it, and I really havnt doubted anybody liking me since. So thank you, anonymous person. You changed my life.       ' 
I'm finally overcoming anorexia.  !     " 
on my birthday my best guy friend/crush told me i looked really pretty and gave me a really pretty bracelet as a birthday gift then asked me out.       ' 
Today, I reserved the last pair of Joker Converse in my size in England, which happened to be the other side of the country from me. Luckily, my friend happened to be in the very mall I reserved them in, and collected them for me.       ' 
Today, my wallet was stolen in LA. It had my social security card in it. It changed hands 2 times and I got it back with everything minus the two dollars of cash I had in there--including my social security card. OH YEAH.  .     ' 
I had a sleepover with my friend I haven't talked to in a very long time and I became good friends with a girl I'd only talked to a few times last night.   :)     " 
Today, I traveled 800 miles to ask my girlfriend to marry me. She said yes.  .       ' 
Today, my friend's mother brought me dinner, and my friend's cousin's mother bought me a drink. Kindness still exists. MILG     " 
Today me and my BFF and our boyfriends went to the mall and the guy of our dreams to kiss us!       ' 
Today, I got to meet my friends who I have known online for the first time ever. None of us are what the world thinks is normal. But that's ok, because we all care about each other, we're amazing stories, and we'll be able to finish our novel.       " 
Today, I was told that I was getting let go at the end of the week from a job where I worked with adults that have disabilities. All Friday, my clients and clients I never worked with came up to me and wished me good luck in my future career opportunities. I may not have not have a job but that encouragement made me realize I want to work in this field still.       ' 
today, the guy I've liked for a year begged for me to kiss him, i got to say no.       " 
Just when I was about to get over my feelings for my best friend, and move on with the fact that he likes someone else, few days ago..he told me things he's never told me before....he feels the same way. :) Ended the year good, starting the new year great :)\r \r      " 
Today, I started running again '
Today, I was voting on Submissions.  After a while, I just clicked 'Yes' on all of them.  Everyone deserves to be able to say,       " 
Today, a drawing of mine was on the Tumblr Radar.  I was extremely touched that someone thought I was good enough to be on the homepage such a popular website.       ' 
Today, I found out that my grandpa, who had broken his leg and was told it'll never heal, might get surgery after all, that would finally allow him to walk again.       " 
Today, I woke up to breakfasts in bed then played Skyrim for 6 hours and ate cheese doodles. Then I read "The Giving Tree" and played with my best yoyo. Afterwards, I took a bubbling bath with rubber duckies that my boyfriend gave me. I am 22 years old.       ' 
The other day  I had a couple impacted teeth surgically removed. The process was long and painful and consisted of removing a piece of bone an inch long from the roof of my mouth. I was originally going to have to wear a mouth "cast" of sorts to help the bone regrow correctly. However, when I went in to the  doctors office to get a check-up on my mouth, I was informed that my mouth wound had almost completely healed with minimal swelling, therefore I had no reason to wear the cast.       ' 
Yesterday, I saw my long distance boyfriend of 2 years. He gave me a diamond necklace and we laid out under the stars all night together. When he said goodnight, he kissed me and said that he loved me. When we broke apart he proposed. I said yes right away       ' 
Today (a week ago), I had my semester exam for World Geography. Geography is my worst subject, and I was worrying my pants off. I was the first done.  .     ' 
Yesterday, not one person made fun of me for being Asian.       ' 
Today this boy I used ot like said he used to like me, too. We're still good friends and I'm hoping we will become more.     " 
Yesterday, I had a fight with the love of my life. Today, I woke up early to bake him his favorite cookies and I will soon be on my way to visit him at work. Now that I found someone who loves me for who I am, I have no intentions of letting him go.  .      ' 
Today i got all my christmas shopping done, did my family ginger bread house, saw sherlock homes, and looked at christmas lights with my family. Best day ever!       ' 
Today, my dad came home from Iraq for the holidays. MylifeisSO-TOTALLY-ROCKIN-AWESOME-g.     ' 
About a week ago my theatre department at school had OAP (one act play) auditions. As a sophomore and someone new to the theatre group,I didn't expect to make the play since only twenty five people make it and eighty auditioned...however when I looked at the list I realized I had not only made the list but I was at the top too!  .     " 
Today I finally asked out a girl I have liked for 3 years she said yes.  .     ' 
Today, after two weeks of my dog having run away and me going berserk because I was sure we'd never see him again, a friendly 16 year old knocked on the door and asked me if that was my dog. It was. I gave the 16 year old a huuge hug in thanksgiving and mom said that Burkley can sleep with me tonight :) :D       " 
Today was my last day of school before winter break and I wouldn't get to see any of my friends for 3 weeks. As I was walking to my last class after lunch one of my good friends runs up and invites me to the movies and a party. Then after school the guy I like invites me to a sleepover at his house this weekend. The best part? I came out of the closet to him earlier in the week and it didnt even phase him :).\r       " 
After two long horrible years i've finally found someone who loves me for me, and loves my family too. My life is TOTALLY G     " 
I had complained to one of my friends that guys should just tell a girl when they think she\'s pretty. Then I walk in to my guitar class and this guy comes up and says "You look really pretty".        ' 
A couple years ago, I was a socially awkward and ugly on the inside kid. I was always depressed about life. I've grown up being positive and confronting my fears. Now, life finally smiles back at me.       " 
I'm a freshman in high school, and people call me nerd all the time. Well you know what? I don't care... guess who almost aced the SAT's at 15?!     " 
Today I got a boyfriend.       ' 
My nan came home from hospital today after having a stroke a week ago. MyLifeIsAmazing.     ' 
Today, I spoke to my boyfriend, who is on the other side of the world for more than a month over Christmas and New Year.   :)     ' 
Today, I found out that I was accepted into the University of Illinois for Computer Engineering.       ' 
For the past couple of years I have been driving a car that would constantly break down. Today I come home for winter break to a 2012 Chevy Cruse that my parents bought me for Christmas.       ' 
Today, the first day off after finals, I did absolutely nothing. It felt great.  .     ' 
My friend has been fighting cancer nearly her whole life. It's devastated her whole family and some of her friends have left her because they were scared that she wouldn't make it. Today I got a hysterical phone call from her saying that she was finally in remission. My and HLIG.     " 
Today I graduated high school. A year and a half early.       ' 
Today, I got my first kiss.       ' 
I spent last night running through piles of leaves with my boyfriend.       ' 
I have been struggling with severe clinical depression and anxiety for over 2 years now, and today I finally got the help that I need. It\'s the first time that I can remember thinking, "hey, this is all going to be okay".  .     ' 
Today, after spending several years of my life wondering why the guys I wanted to be with didn't want to be with me, and feeling like I wasn't good enough to be with anyone, I am in a relationship with a wonderful guy. We've been together for a year and a half and still going strong. He is worth the wait and the hurt, and I think I might marry him in the future.  .     " 
My last ex once asked me to lose weight and a week after me developing an eating disorder he dumped me for another girl. I am now engaged to his best friend and we are buying our first house. I weigh 137 lbs and am 5'4 but he still works at Papa Murphy's, lives with his parents, and just asked for me back. I may not have a 6 pack but       " 
Today, I got up at the time I set my alarm instead of sleeping through it. I had a great day at school, and on the bus home I said hi to this really cute girl. Hey, it's a start. When I got home, since I had no homework, I surfed the web and found this site. I'm sure it'll be a great pick-me-up.       " 
Today we(my class and I) were drawing pictures for a contest. The best drawer in my grade smirked and knew he was going to win. He has taken many drawing lessons and is the only person in the SCHOOL that can shade a shape. I tried my best and I won! My Language Arts teacher told me and I smiled. The best drawer(who I also have a crush on)came and congradulated me.  !     ' 
Today was our orchestra concert. (2 hours before we were to perform) I was backstage when my crush came up to me & said "you look lovely."       ' 
Today I hung out with my friend who everyone seems to hate right now.  She's been there for me in the past, and we started talking about all of her issues.  When she cried, I felt that I was returning the favor of being there for her.  I have never had a friend like her before, and I think it's safe to say that she is my best friend now.   .      " 
Today is my birthday, and I had the best day of my life. Just full of the little things that make everything awesome.  .      ' 
Today after studying for a final I have in the morning, my dad knocked on my door and asked if I was awake.  When I told him I was he came in with a milkshake for me.       ' 
Today, I woke up early and baked my boyfriend his favourite biscuits without waking him. I was rewarded with hugs, kisses, and icecream.       ' 
Today, I discovered   is back.  It's one of the happiest sites on the internet and I missed reading everyone's positive stories. Because   is here again,  .     " 
Today I graduated from a therapy program that I have been in for six months. I went in with major substance abuse problems, agoraphobic tendencies which caused me to drop out my senior year of high school, difficulty managing my bipolar disorder, and I had a terrible relationship with my parents. I am now completely sober, set to graduate high school in two months, managing the bipolar quite well, and closer than ever to my parents. I'm happy to say the program changed everything,  .      " 
Today, I wore a new shirt, and I curled my hair. The boy I like told me I looked good.       ' 
Today, I had a sleep in and when I woke up my girlfriend came in with freshly baked shortbread and jam drops.       ' 
Today my mom was an hour late from work without calling for the first time ever. I cannot even describe how worried I was for that hour. When she finally came home I realized how lucky I am to have her. Cherish what you have.  .     ' 
Today, the boy I'm head-over-heels who I didn't think knew I existed gave me a single rose and told me he'd lived too long without me!I almost died.       " 
Last week, I auditioned for our school play, Beauty and the Beast. I didn't know what part I would get, considering I'm a 7th grader and all leads go to 8th graders, and today after school I looked at the list, and I got the part of Belle. :)       " 
Today, I snuggled up in bed, was presented with a cup of tea and some toast, went to visit my cousin for her birthday, watched movies well into the night and had the best nights sleep I've had in a long time. MyLifeIsG     " 
After being taunted and called a nerd for over two years; today I received my acceptance letter from Wharton , my dream school. I'm the only one wh
